Hey, as always, thank you so much for your audio messages. And I just adore the fact that like, you're cool with that. Like, I prefer audio messages as well. I want to hear a person's voice. It adds more context to what they're saying. So I appreciate it very much. It makes sense about that last audio. And it's funny, because yesterday I was like, man, I just like, I pour my heart out and I'm not afraid to anymore. Like what used to be that I would pour my heart out in an audio message and then send it. And then I would like freak out afterwards and be like, oh Lord, what did I do? What did I do? I'm like, just more of me out there in this world for vulnerability. I just can't help but be vulnerable. And it's because I'm supposed to be, this is the way that the Lord wants me to be. So I'll honor the Lord in that way. And the more that I'm doing it, the less afraid. and now I'm just like it's okay like even if you weren't ever to listen to it that would have that would have been like such a sting for me before it was because I'm like offering a part of my heart and my soul and when somebody like doesn't take the time uh to like even just listen to that it like just says something about my worth or value to that person and that has been something that has been challenging for me in my life but God is just ever teaching me to only listen to his voice. I like him, man. I'm not even upset about the trouble that I've been through because it was all good trouble. You know, in the end, I don't care about not one thing because I am set free. I have no religion on me. I have nothing else. I'm fully integrated with the Lord Jesus Christ and I love it I've never been so at peace in my whole life I am so excited for everything that God is doing God has called me to intercede for you for sure and I am so thankful that there are other people interceding for you because I know what God is doing At least he's giving me a peace to see. And what I see, yeah, Satan's going to try to dismantle that at every turn. Don't let it because, you know, I'm finding a place. It's like, yeah, get behind me, Satan. I know your place. I love that power. And I love that understanding and that confidence that's over me now. You know, Satan's terrified of me now. And I'm not afraid of him, not one bit. I'm excited. You are my soul brother. We were meant to sojourn together. And I'm thankful for this. Like, it's crazy. I have just been, like, having an outpouring of gratitude before the Lord. Everything that he does is good. And everything he's done in your life is good. And everything he's done in my life is good. And he is bringing a powerhouse together. People that are called by his name and filled with his spirit to do the works of this hour and in this place. And he has chosen you. Don't ever forget it. I'm glad he chose you. You are the man that God was showing me. He was giving me sight for everybody. But when all of that fell out, that confused the crap out of me. Because it made me think that everything that I was intuiting, well maybe I wasn't hearing from the Lord. you know and but no that no that was just what it needed to happen and that what you know at that time for a lot of other reasons um and now i think we're all coming to this place of greater clarity um which defeats the enemy you know we are meant to be working together not to be confused and in division with one another. We are going to be... We are strong man like all of us This place that God is building and He using many hands but you the guy you know that was built to carry uh some very specific parts and so there going to be a lot of people that God going to call and I've been calling I've been actually praying that God would raise up more prayer warriors for you and for everybody that's going to be a part of what God is building here because it is profound. It's extravagant. We are going to just like be laid out, man. I'm so excited. And that's pretty much what I was saying in that last message. In regards to Jess, like the last meeting that we had, Pastor Curtis, it did the last of the work that needed to happen with any angst that was still in my spirit with Jess. So now I just fully understand that just as in the clear for me okay um i do think that it would be beneficial just in a casual sort of conversational way um to discuss some of the things that we were just we were talking about before just so that we can move away from this experience all three of us uh in agreement and in unity and what we're going to guard against the next time around and then we can just continue to build each other up in what we now know about one another but about what we know um that God is capable of doing in all of our lives so it's a very exciting thing so that's all I feel is just I I want to release Jess from whatever I was putting on her and uh and then you know just move on from there I am so grateful and I will stay up every night if that's what it requires uh if that's the part that God has me and in this thing that he's doing yeah because it is and I'll do whatever he wants and if he wants me to have a backseat I'll take a backseat because his glory is about to fall and we are gonna witness it so you keep up that work Curtis I telling you it here it the real deal and there a reason why Satan pressing you you tell him get behind me he doesn belong anywhere near you you are God's man for this hour I'm excited because there's a lot of people for this hour and I'm really glad though that he brought me here so I can stand with all of you because you guys are just beautiful. You know, God was giving me such a vision of your beauty, the beauty of the staff, the beauty of the people, and the beauty of the spirit in Garden City. And I'm just forever in, you know. I'm in for what God is doing. He is, it's going to be the upper room, man. He is who he says he is. We can do what he says we can do. And he's going to be about to unlock us. and I'm in. So I will, again, stay up all night, every night, if that's what requires, because God is my sustenance and he will give me new energy. This is what he did over the last, like, nine, ten months, you know, like, he just, I fasted so much, but I had supernatural energy. It's like God is doing a new thing, and I'm excited, and I want to help others to get into this, you know. That's a part of the role that I have. I'm supposed to really fan that flame for others and then intercede and pray uh into uh reality what god has given the piece the pieces that he's given me to pray into um into reality and so that's what i have been doing but like i'm excited uh you're it god is good and you're the guy and i love it i love you pastor kardish God is awesome in you dude let's do this thing let's light up light up this city the metro east is about to experience something that we've all been praying for and nobody is going to be real ready for it except for the people that are supposed to be ready and that's going to be us so woo woo woo woo woo woo let's go