Hey, Curtis. Thank you so much for reaching out. It's good to hear from you. One thing that was on my heart to share after I listened to your message, first of all, just appreciate the prayers, thinking of us, being there for us and our family. It has spoke volumes to me. And I think for me, I'll try to stay, not get too emotional, I guess. I've always desired to have a closer relationship with you. I think I've shared, maybe I've shared this in the past, but I've always admired those who have been your boys and who have had that closeness. And I know that we've known each other for a long time, but through this, I feel like I've gotten to experience and know you at a deeper level. Your genuine faith, your genuine care and concern for me and my family has been pretty inspiring and overwhelming, to be honest, in a really positive way And I just really appreciated and valued to see my relationship with you grow and blossom And I just really thankful for it And so just you know for me it really I don know it just it really helped me And so, and then I can't tell you how much it speaks to my heart. Your wife's came up to us the other day and put her arms around me and Brittany and just told us she was thinking about us and praying for us and here for us. I know that spoke a lot to my wife to have your wife come and do that and say that to us. So just very thankful, as I know you guys have, you know, three kids and a little one at home. And that can be stressful in and of itself for her to just to see us standing at church and just came up to us and do that was very meaningful. And so just just want to share that with you that I'm just very touched by your presence in my life. in your friendship and your leadership and your pastoral relationship over with our family. And we will let us know for next week what works for you with Brock It works out well because he been sick this week so we obviously would not want him to meet with you and get you sick And then yeah I excited to experience some Dave Hot Chicken with you I definitely could use some time with you, just you and I just spending time together. But, yeah, we appreciate all the prayers we can get. For me, the house process, as stressful as it is, has kind of been a healthy distraction for me to kind of focus on something exciting for the future. For me to look at building and going through that process, it's helped me kind of keep my mind off things. I think what's been hard is just feeling like we're held captive to Gunner and his attorney and not really giving us answers on our offer. And we felt like we're just in a holding pattern and at the mercy of a 16-year-old and his caretakers and that there's nothing really we can do. and it's been very defeating and feeling like we're just um you know we're just uh you know circling around the airport not able to land and it just um it it just feels like we just stuck in in like this kind of mode just like still mode and it um it just hard because we hard because we want to move forward We want to put this behind us and you know give him fully to God and just trust God with him. But it feels like we're just kind of stuck in just a place that we can't get out of right now. And so we're trying to navigate that. Dave Brady's been counseling me every week, and that's been really helpful. I know Brittany has met with Kim. We're going to meet with both of them as a family session here soon with Brock to continue to navigate that. I've been reading some books that Dave recommended. It's been very insightful on blended families and I'm reading one actually on anger and taming that emotion. So I'm thankful for the wisdom I've been getting from others and it's been helping me. So just really appreciate your guidance. So sorry for the long message, but just really appreciate you and love you. And really thankful for all you've been to us through this and look forward to just continue to grow that over time. So love you, man. Hope you're doing well.