Hey, Curtis. Thank you so much for reaching out. It's good to hear from you. One thing I there was this on my heart to share after I listened to your message. First of all, just appreciate the prayers, thinking of us, being there for us and our family. It has spoke volumes to me, and I think for me, I'll try to stay not get too emotional, I guess. I've always desired to have a a closer relationship with you. I think I've shared maybe I've shared this in the past, but I've always admired those who have been your boys and who have, had that closeness. And I know that, we've known each other for a long time. But through this, I feel like I've got to experience and know you at a deeper level, your genuine faith, your genuine care and concern, for me and my family has been pretty inspiring and overwhelming, to be honest, in in a really positive way. And I I just really have appreciated and valued to see, like, my relationship with you grow and, and blossom and and, I'm just really thankful, for it. And so just just, you know, for me, it's it's really, I don't know. It's just it's really helped me. And so, and then I I can't tell you how much it speaks to my heart. Your, your wife just came up to us the other day and put her arms around me and Britney and just told us she was, thinking about us and praying for us and here for us. I know that spoke a lot to my wife to have your wife come and do that and and say that to us. So just very thankful as I know you guys have, you know, three kids and a little one at home, and that can be stressful in and of itself for her to just to see us standing at church and just came up to us and do that was, very meaningful. And so, just just wanna share that with you that I'm just very touched, by your presence in my life and your friendship and your leadership and, your pastoral relationship over our with our family. And we, we will, you let us know for next week what works for you with Brock. It works out well because he's been sick this week, so we obviously would not want him to meet with you and get you sick. And then, yeah, I'm excited to, experience some Dave Hot Chicken with you. I definitely could use some time with you, just, you and I just spending time together. But, yeah, we appreciate all the prayers we can get. For me, the house process, as stressful it is, is is is kinda been a healthy distraction for me to kinda focus on something exciting for the future. For me to look at building and going through that process, it's helped me kinda keep my mind off things. I think what's been hard is just feeling we're held captive to, Gunnar and and his attorney and not really giving us answers on our offer, and we felt like we're just in a holding pattern and at the mercy of a 16 year old and his caretakers and that there's nothing really we can do. And it's been very defeating and feeling like we're just, you know, we're just, you know, circling around the airport, not able to land. And it just, it it just feels like we're just stuck in in in in, like, this kind of mode, just, like, still mode. And it's, it's just hard because we wanna we wanna move forward. We wanna put this behind us and, you know, give him fully to God and and and just trust God with him. But it feels like we're just kind of stuck in just a a a place that we can't get out of, right now. And so we're trying to navigate that. Dave Brady's been, counseling me, every week, and that's been really helpful. I know Britney has met with Kim. We're gonna meet with both of them as a family session here soon with Brock, to continue to navigate that. I've been reading some books, that Dave recommended. Been very insightful on blended families, and I'm reading one actually on anger and taming that emotion. So I'm, I'm I'm thankful for the wisdom I've been getting from others, and it's been helping me. So, just really appreciate your guidance. So sorry for the long message, but just really appreciate you and love you, and, really thankful for all you've been to us, through this and, look forward to just continue to grow that over time. So I love you, man. Hope you're doing well.