Yes. I had a weird event where I ended up with me and my girls sleeping at the church. I know. Oh, yeah, like it was yesterday. Okay, so an event sort of like that happened last Christmas. Okay. Which is what led me to come here last Christmas. Okay. Eventually, I had another one of those, and I knew at the end of that one, something was going to happen this year as well. Okay. And it did, and it was handled incredibly poorly, and it ended up being incredibly, very, very bad for me. But very, like, I don't even know. like I don't even know because like one medical community will just call it a mental breakdown it's so much more than that because it's so God involved and God ordained and this time like it messed with my kids and it messed with my job and like it was all intertwined and like one I've lost my job which the corporate office is doing investigation after investigation and there's another one and I have to talk to somebody about it tomorrow I don't know it's just about you losing again about you lose your job like investigator well i think at this point it's more than that i'm assuming because i'm not expecting to get my job back because like whatever but like like corporate corruption and weird stuff and it's literally the company that owns half the world and it's so much bigger than i am and like why am i in the middle of this weirdness i don't even know because i'm just like a little peon little kid from like nowhere right but like here i am and i'm like trying to hold this and then in the middle of all this it's like hey curtis walked through the first time and he had no idea what was happening but like he's grown since then go talk to curtis so here i am i have grown and i had to grow up there and i just all these years like i'm i'm one i'm gonna forever be like i'm i'm sorry like i just well like i was i i i all like you know i say always like always like i would say the lord that lord just used that to teach me a lot, grow me. And still to the day he's doing that. And so I'm honored to have walked through, but it was so hard. And part of what I caricatured away is like, man, there's so much love I wanted to show. I was like, I have no clue how to show. Like I legitimately, I was like, anybody wrote, there ain't no book on this one. I did not. And the books that were written weren't even applicable. I know. So I can want you to know my heart will always be led to something else. Like, hey, I didn't do it right. I'm sorry. Because I love you and I was fighting for your girl. I was like, girl, I don't know what I'm doing. You've been through so much. Yep. so much and like i know all of this is like tied to that like spiritually like danny and i our relationship like i don't even it's still tied to that okay yeah absolutely um i mean i stayed with him like you know i did probably longer than anyone else would have and And, like, didn't divorce until, like, I literally felt like God said, you can walk now. Yeah. But, like, there's so much that is still tied there, obviously, because, you know, my kids. And, like, I think what brought so much up last year is, like, Cameron, I'm going to be primarily Cameron, my second oldest. Yeah. Like, she turned 18. He wanted to, like, completely disown her. So he, like, filed papers with the court to, like, not pay child support anymore. And, like, this time where, like, we actually are supposed to, like, go to trial on Friday for that. And so, like, I know, like, some of this is, like, tied to that. But I know, too, like, it's so much more than that. I don't even know. Hers is just crazy. And I don't know. Like, so much. I've seen so much in the last two months. and I feel like God has talked to me so much in the last two months. I mean, he talks to me all the time in weird ways, but, like, I feel like this is, like, so much more and so much bigger. And, um, I don't know. I feel like when I was looking at, like, your church's page and how you chained it over to, like, Garden City and God Faith Family and, like, all the things, like, moving forward and, like, to be world changers. Like, I totally, like, that's exactly what, like, God is telling me in my heart and, like, what I'm supposed to be, like, doing and helping other people do. And I don't know how to do that. I don't know. Because, like, I'm just a girl. I'm just a little person. And I'm just so much. How old is your youngest? She's just turned 14. The Eden one. That's Hannah. Hannah. Yeah. Yeah. 14. Gosh. You're big as a problem. 14, 15, 17, 19, 21. That's just crazy. It is crazy. Okay. Yeah. So I don't even know, like, what I'm doing here. Like, yesterday, like, I messaged just earlier this week about, like, hey, I need a job. Is there any way, like, your church can maybe do that? But then, like, the more, like, I talked to God about it, the more it was, like, really brought you to mind. And then it was, like, you know, he was with you the first time. and I think he can help. I'm like, okay. So then I felt like I needed to come today and try and talk to you. And on the way here, okay, even like 10 years ago, part of the craziness of everything was God trying to point me to my father. And I assumed it was my dad's father, but it wasn't. It was so much more. And I don't know if we ever really talked about all that. There's so much stuff. We didn't. That's a big piece. yeah for real and it's just like this oh like crazy i did not know okay yeah anyway so this morning when i was driving here um i felt that again but it felt like more like um you need to go home and then when like i walked up to your church like the thing about the doors was like welcome home and it was like god hit my heart and like because i was gonna just sit i know your service doesn't start till 10 so i'm gonna just sit in the car but then like there were people here so the shirt was open so I came in and then it's like just go sit in the sanctuary and pray it was like okay they were practicing like worship service Chris it was so like real that I came in and sat in that service it was so like for my heart and there's just so much your soul has carried so much for so many years sister and I have never been detached from that You ask me, I still feel like it's yesterday. I just still feel like it. Because your heart, your babies, all of that was just one of those things where I feel like the Lord entrusted me with and overwhelmed me. I'm like, Lord, this is beyond what I can do. I know, right? Me too. And I feel like I failed my kids because I didn't raise them in church. Sister. But I couldn't. No, no, no, sister. But I couldn't. Yeah. It was a lot. Church represented so many, so much, so much. So, yeah, there's grace for that. Yeah, I think there is. And, like, they're good kids, but, like, they reject so much truth, and they reject Jesus because they don't feel like he has a place for them. Yeah. Which is so wrong, but, like, they won't hear that from me. Yeah. I don't know. My house is so full. I feel that. And so heavy for so many things. Yeah. and like the crap at work is just a mess too but like i don't even know how like that messes into all this but it does of course i don't even know i don't even know i just know i'm here and um i'm supposed to say help and i'm supposed to say thank you for walking with me and i'm supposed to there's just so much there's just so much Oh, come on. This is actually my thing. Come on. Hey, Chef. Oh, my gosh. No, you're fine. You just have to get it first. No, you're fine. I'm just glad I got this to you. Your emotions are real. I don't mind. I don't see you. Okay. Sorry, guys. Grab your toes. Let's go. I know, right? I know. I know. I know. The bug. but I can tell on his face. Okay. All right, baby. All right. Got everything? You get your back, babe? All right. Yeah. First of all, I, listen, I'm going to always say this. Thank you for entrusting, I mean, that and this. To this day, It's one of the most vulnerable things that was entrusted for me the whole life. I am forever grateful. Like, I'm forever grateful that you allowed me to. And I'm forever grateful that you had grace for my mistakes and figuring out and stuff. And I don't know what I'm doing. I want to know what I'm doing, but I'm not going to leave your side. I just want you to know My heart is filled with gratitude towards you And love and honor towards you And to your baby Because I know what I was entrusted with And it was during the season I would have said the same thing When you said my heart is full I was always like My sister's heart is full I was so filled with a lot And I felt called to help But I was like I don't know what that is There's no script for this It's not. No. But does that mean, I don't ever want you to think that means you're so broken. I used to think that because literally so many people in my life told me that. But, like, I don't anymore. Because God has definitely helped me so close. I agree. It's not because you're so broken. No, no, no, no. Yeah. I have just learned. There are just things. There's kinds of trauma. And there's some learning. And honestly, I have to take 101. Well, no, you jumped me to 401. one so so what i kind of forgot to like deconstruct like all right where's 101 200 but i but so i learned but honestly like i'm grateful for you because you honestly taught me this is the way oh who's that oh hi it's fine curtis it's fine No. You had to work Okay We talk Okay Because it messing me up Okay so yeah um well it one of these words like i i would say everyone else benefits now because i like all right i had to get in so i'm like okay i do because like some of your sermons that I would listen to. Yeah. I'll tell people like, guys, I will tell you I did. I'll tell people, I'll tell you I did. I'll tell people, I'll tell you guys, I've had to carry it. I was like, and I was like, Lord, I want, there's so many things I'm not going to understand, but you tell the church to come alongside the broken and hurting. So I'm so clear on that. Sorry. All right, Lord, just walk me through how do you do that? Even when you know you're helpless and then you know, all right. So that's what I was like. All right. So I'm not, that's why I say, you're not too, I'm not overwhelmed by any level of brokenness. It's like, hey, we just gotta, I've learned we gotta walk it out. Relationship drives everything. And some of it's just another lady. I'm just blessed in a season where I think the Lord's teaching me a lot. And a unique call that I would not have said it was a call until recently. And I'm still wrestling through what that means. but a call like uh i've always just assumed strong women have a voice in the church and i have learned that's not always experienced and and i've learned that i wouldn't call it a calling but part of what i'm always doing is hey let's just sit and make sure your voice is heard and let's figure that out together. I learned from that, I was like, hey, I can't promise I'll fix anything. I learned really fast in that season of relationship, I've got to be in the mid, I don't know what I'm doing, but I'm not going anywhere. Right? And I've learned there's a grace in that too. And that matters. Right? Like I learned, all right, I don't know, but I'm not going anywhere. And we'll stumble through this. And as the Lord or experience reveals it to you or me, I was like, all right, let's just, well, she's, we'll walk and just pivot as necessary. But also recognizing, hey, I don't want anyone ever feel like, I don't want anyone to feel like I view myself as a solution. I'm like, nope, I am clear on that. Yours was one where it was like, I want to come in as Superman. I was like, I cannot. Okay, Lori, that broke me. I am not Black Panther Superman or Captain America. Like, I, Linda, I'm like, oh, I have nothing. So I kind of had to step up and be Wonder Woman and I'm crashing. So, she was like, it's humble. I'm a very beautiful and humble woman. So again, I'm always viewed with a heart of gratitude and honor. And a measure of grief, like, oh, I've always going to do so much more. And I hate that I couldn't do more. I would say that. If you're girls, I'd say that to them. I'd tell you that. I want to figure out how to do more. So many, so many. No, it really is. It's one of those things I would have to embrace. that are like, God, there's just so many systems broken. Sometimes you've got to admit. Some of the healing is, hey, just admit, whatever we thought, you can rush in and find out. It don't work like that. So then you have to just wrestle through community. How do we fill in the gaps, right? We didn't have anyone. Yeah. And I'm grateful to Jess. That's taught me a lot and helped me over the years. So I would just say I'm honored, and whatever that means. I mean, I would say Jess feels the same way. It's like, hey, if there's ways to talk walking with you this evening, let's figure it out. Oddly enough, I feel like I'm supposed to be here. I don't know why or what. You just take it day by day. You do not have to know. And I don't even need you to know. Like I tell everybody, hey, you just show up when God says show up. And if it's a temporary watering hole or a long time, like, I'm good with whatever you need. I literally am good. and while you're here even if it's a day or a decade when you're here you will get out everything i know to offer um and the admission when i don't have nothing to offer but you'll get it you'll get what i know to get right and the admission like well we have resources that could help um but i think the first step is you just keep walking and you don't know a lot and you don't have to not I don't know a lot. But you don't have to. I'm confused. I know. You don't have to. I would say that. I would say, I don't think you're off in where you're at, and nor you're wrong. It's like, you don't know. It's like, yeah, because I don't think you want to know yet. I just don't think you're running up. I think your call right now is, oh, yeah, week to week. It just really is that. Let's keep it simple. My counsel people is like, well, just keep it simple so you're not overwhelmingly stressed. Try to figure something out. like i i think what happens and you know this because it comes through your prolific writing like and when something needs to be clear he won't make it clear i mean there's been some things made clear i don't know what to do with them i don't even know how to speak them i don't even know how to make words of them even in writing um because i feel like so much has been shown to me and I think some of it's just for me but some of it I think I'm supposed to figure out how to put out somewhere I don't know I got other people here the same way I don't either but let's walk and figure it out because there are some graces in ministries that what it looks like it's not going to fit in the traditional kind of rails the ministry right but I think we don't I don't think we're supposed to try to make everything fit either like I just think we're we're supposed to walk with the Lord walk in community and like I know you kind of have an understanding of like we are people in skin suits but we are also like so much more yeah right so some of the people at my job are so much more but in very good ways oh i do understand that and they have absolutely been um very influential in some attacks that i've experienced in lots of months sure i mean worst attacks that i've ever experienced and i've experienced a lot of shit yeah and this has been incredibly bad um and i don't know how to make complete sense of that and i don't even know who all the players are. I don't know if you know or not, I was hospitalized in the beginning of November. Okay. Like associated with the job or no? So kind of like the event from 10 years ago only amped up a lot more and they ended up like hospitalizing me because I was, one, I was sleeping like seconds at a time. So like it was not functioning, like got very close to death which i think they finally like let me go home but like i mean it was like a corrupt mess but like so i was in like a mental hospital basically and like some of the other people that i was in there with um were like representative of um other belief systems which i don't know how to make sense of that and that does sound crazy and i get that but like dude i I can walk out exactly how that is. And I had to stand. I had to stand for Jesus, which is so weird for me because, like, I'm just a kid, right? So, like, I'm in this place and I'm here with these people. Yeah. It was so much, but, like, I did it. To the best of my abilities, I did it. And, like, and it was okay. and like i got their respect but not me that makes sense yeah and it was so weird yeah and i'm like so i'm still holding that experience trying to figure out well okay what's that even mean i don't know but then like so many other things have happened since then and like curse i just don't know i just don't know i don't know there's so much i don't know i just My life's just really weird. Yeah. Really weird. You're not alone. You're not alone. No, I know I'm not alone. We need more people to admit it. Yeah, but, yeah, I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. Just keep showing up. And as things get revved, you come in. Just keep walking. I just know, like, I'm supposed to love people. and I'm supposed to teach them how to love people. And that's literally what Jesus keeps telling me. Okay. I'm like, I don't understand. But I do, like, I know I absolutely need community. Like, I loved our community group way back in the day. Oh, most of it. Some of it was really hard for me. But, like, I need that. And I mean, you kind of talked about that in service today. Like, you need people to, like, speak into you. Whether it's, hey, check yourself. Or whether it's, like, you need to see this that I see. And, like, I haven't really had that, like, at all. And, like, yeah, I need that. And there are people that, I mean, the beautiful thing is, you've got people here like me, Chaz, that know you, right? And so it's one of those things where you're not stepping into where everyone's brand new, which I like that to you. Yeah, because it's terrifying. Oh, it wouldn't. It ain't much for Justin to see Gracie. I was like, oh, no, no, we can name it. Like, I know the beautiful soul you are. I know the beautiful soul you are. I'm not wondering. It's always been you are a walking grace. Thank you. And there's so much. Because, like, I remember when I came last year, I, like, didn't want anybody really to see me. I know, girl. I didn't want to feel that rejection. I know. I felt it. And I was nervous. And it was so good to not know that at all. Oh, my God. He won't talk to me. I know. I'm worried about the same thing for me. We have walked through very hard things. Yeah. Are we good? You're going to be good? Because we have to, like, you have survived a lot. And then for a special chapter, I had to survive it with you. And I'm like, sometimes you come out, you're like, are we good? Like what did we survive Like so I look back I like well grateful Again it was I feel like you came out of it a lot better than I did because you did it. Man, I'm sad about that. I want that. I want it. But I feel like... But there's so much. You know, and I have other people that I walk with here that's like... And I've had to learn... Again, started in that season and it continues like, hey there are just things that are not quick easy simple like there's kinds and complexities of trauma the way it weaves together it is and it just there's and it just it ain't just oh go go talk to somebody like no sometimes it's like oh it takes time and you have to peel like you have to oh what's that part okay what oh okay right and so like you mentioned your father oh I didn't even know but that's a i know the situation i walk with where i thought this was a box and you come find out like oh that box actually is influenced by that box oh we got to open that box but you can only open it when it's good to open it because you can't just open trauma whenever you feel like opening it but sometimes it does i know so that's why that's what the moment you are does that well let me tell me what you need because there we i don't i want to for nobody to talk about like i I've learned enough about my own pursuit of healing. And as I count on it, I'm like, listen, you just got to walk, and you open the doors as you see fit to open the doors. There's not a door you can open that I'm worried about. I can promise you that. I'm not worried about any door you can open. I just want you to feel comfortable to know you can try that. I won't force it in that. And I want people to feel honored and loved and walk at the pace you need. I got the patient in. That's why I said, I don't need you to be confident in no end line. You knew enough by saying, hey, I just showed up. That's all you need to know. Like, literally, when you go from here, you ain't got to be thinking more than, all right, I just took this step. That's all I know. Yeah, that's all you know. Yeah, that's usually about when I get, like, one step, maybe two. Yeah. It's okay. And I like, as a real thing, yeah. Yeah. I know. I don't get a plan. You do not. Sometimes I don't get a plan. That would be so nice. It's so glorious. I know. And when people come confident, I'm like, how did you get a whole plan? I don't ever like literally, I'll tell people I mean, there's been moments where I didn't plan. Yeah. But like, yeah, I know. I tell people, this year was the opposite of my plan. When I left the journey, I was like I'm going to plan a living room church with 10 people. No big in this room. I was so clear. And I told people, I said the hard work I had to do was the Lord having to honestly release me from the ways I define what I want church to look like and feel like. And I would have defined, and I did actually for a season, even for the first year here, where I would say, Lord, it's not what I want. I want a small. This can't be church. And the Lord started teaching me, like, you don't, love is love. And size, that always dictate that. Yes, some people do wrong things with size, but not everybody. And I thought, I'm a pastor, Lord, teach me. And I've told people I've had to repent. So I tell my children, hey, we're going to fight being a family. We're going to do it wrong. But I just need us to fight to be a family. I don't need us to fight for many things. But we've got to fight to be messy in a family. Yeah. That's what we're going to do. That's all I mean to go to. People are like, what's the tenure? I don't know, buddy. I just know I like Jesus. I love the people here. Like, I really like. And he wants us to make it better. He just wants to make it better. He really does. Yeah. and hear me and then you always these big ways i tell people like no no just if all of us have a portion of grace for the little corner of the world you weren't just in it so do not compare it's like walking and so you have babies at home you you are you are investing morsels of grace yeah i know i feel that i feel that So, I'd reach out to, whenever you feel like it, I'd reach out to Jess. Tell her. Tell her a little bit like this. I feel like I took a step to cover, and I'm supposed to take another step, but I don't know what else. Okay. Yeah, I don't, I don't, I don't know, like, I do feel like I'm supposed to be here. I don't know in what capacity. I don't know what I'm supposed to do. I don't know if I'm supposed to serve. I don't know. I know. And take your time. I don't know, like. take your time you gotta know oh I do I I do feel like a calling on our church and it gets clearer I want to be a few years of my whole years some of our ministries feel like when I say watering hole I do not like I feel like some of some people are just called to drink fresh water sit for a second and be sent back out or some stay but I tell people like I don't you don't got it don't got any more than water on for me probably you just walk it out but I do know for some reason he's calling this church to be that kind of means of grace for many and I'm gonna say yes And I don't know how to do that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like sometimes I'm supposed to speak, but I'm not a speaker. And I'm supposed to use my voice. And I'm supposed to, you know, like, be that person for him for others. And I'm not a spotlight girl. I'm not hiding the back row girl. I know. I feel like he's like, but I've given you experiences to heal other people. And I don't know what to do with that. I feel like probably it's the first time I've actually said it out loud. Because normally I just go away. But he's not really letting me do that anymore. But yeah, I really don't know how to stand up and walk in that. I know. Because one, it's incredibly terrifying. It is. Two, I really need the court stuff with their dad to be done before I can speak about any of that stuff. That's right. Yeah. Even though my kids are more than willing to talk about whatever. But yeah, I need that chapter closed. Like, legally closed. And... I remember. Yeah. I didn't even know, yeah. But I was like, oh, that's a real kind of line in the stand. Yeah. Yeah, but like I still I still feel it so strongly Sometimes I just can't hold all the words that are like pouring through me and I don't know what to do with that Yeah guys I didn't wake up wanting to do this so I got a liberal I got me the best it was not people I meet guys and girls like oh I want to be a missionary in some country and not speak like people just be like a little girl and like not have my own kids and I married and I do all of this And I didn't even want a local church. I was like, I'm not about being a local church person. Local church people are weird. I want to go to the nations. I really did. I was like, Lord, just say. I'm not going to a board of local church. They weird. They get weird. They get weird. And so they, Lord, give me spouse, kids, and local church. And I'm like. So I tell you, I'm like. I mean, hey, you've got that. I have it. And I said, man, the Lord has given me the life that I wouldn't have told you I needed. but who I am today that is any form of even the health of life because I had a wife and kids in the local church like there's just so much healing and things he had to do in me that it wouldn't have happened in a missionary and hear me, I still feel like my heart is more like a missionary than a pastor but yet I can also say man who I am today I know I couldn't be But I still Know I gotta go on mission trips regularly Like I still gotta go missions I'll tell you enough I've never been on one I joined a youth missions group That's actually how I met Danny But never did I go on a mission trip Because I left because of this and it was corrupt And I ended up closed But that's a whole other thing My lot in life seems to be Weeding out the corruption of whatever Organization I'm in And I don't understand that But I feel like that's somehow again what's happening on the deep end. But I don't know. It's so weird. Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes. Some of us do really do have a grace. I'm not sure that's grace. Well, I'm not saying yours is. I say some people have a grace of. And I'm trying to put words because I've had and still have to embrace that. where the Lord, there is sometimes a great some people that it looks more like disruption. Yeah. Because there is a, by your presence. My old counts are called to the shit, Mr. Ruh. It's just real. Yes. I have learned that and the Lord told me that Jeremiah was like, there's uprooting, there's just some people whose calling does not look comfortable. It will, and I tell people like, I don't say that, my whole, like, you know, I want to leave after dinner and stuff and the Lord was like, nope, this is actually why I brought you to step in and help guide this. I was like, let that figure out help. I'm going to live my life. And I'm like, nope. And I was like, actually, every stop I was at. That's what I was like. Can I still carry responsibility for feeling like I somehow inadvertently caused him to kill himself why um little for real why oh i do i do no i know it not true no but put words to it um i mean you probably remember but like i was in counseling for like a group of wives and one of the gals I figured out also went to the journey. So the things she was saying I realized were about Darren. I also realized she was also seeing the same counselor I was. So like triangle of messes and I tried to bring that to light. I think I talked to you about some of the stuff and like he ended up getting removed from being pastor. He ended up killing himself and I feel like it was because I instigated. I mean I know I don't feel words to it You know But that's not true But still But your soul is still catching up to it That's your real thing And there's your real way to it I've had my own journey And still that I've wrestled through What the hell was that word And feel the way I carry it And even that even in his like friendship but i i speak to you like like yeah he he well the same truth he preached the feebleness of humanity it was that's true for him i know i know i know but it was devastating catastrophic like it just was i'd tell people like hey it's okay for us to name that was destructive to our soul for many people and what what it didn't look like a million different ways but that suicide did get us and it's okay it got me so if you're out there like no you're under that umbrella so when people were like I understand you had to leave right there you have to like someone had to leave to deal with that I thought it was like some of us had to stay all of us had the face what the hell what was that what were we doing and why why him like yeah sorry so all right sister you did work today this is it you can proud of you proud of you that's all we need to worry about small steps we got no more than that literally we do not need to know more Okay. Okay. All right. And I think we'll be clear. We'll take those steps when those get clear. Okay. But we don't need the rest of them, and you don't need to have that burden. All right. You did good. Okay. I'll take that, I guess. Yeah, girl. I just, I, I. Well, that's why I learned all these years. I don't want to go off that much. All right. I think I'm just saying, you know what I'm saying. You know what I'm saying? Give me some McGann. Oh, if somebody sicks that they have to try. Are you okay? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. so Thank you. Thank you. I love talking to anybody like this!