Etcetera. So that's who we want to be, those years of our time and energies, and this is one of the ways that we do that. So, again, thank you for leaning in. Lest you forgot this was Advent. So I can just be there for inspiration as we're talking about it. What we're gonna do here is we're gonna take a second to just review the vision of advent, make sure we are all steeped back into it. Hopefully, you took a second to do that as you were thinking about your own reflection and your own notes. And then we're gonna frame the discussion around, the table that I gave you. So alignment and planning, communication, and all these things. And I'm just gonna encourage you all to sort of popcorn. Thank you to all of those that you are able to send me your notes in advance. That'll give us some elements of, like, where to start from. But by and large, we'll just sort of popcorn through each of those sections. I've got Melissa's notes here or I know, Natalie, you probably have them open too and kind of keep a person with those pieces. And then Jess has offered to take some studious notes for us so thank you for that and I once those are all together and synthesized and cleaned up, I will send those out for everybody's viewing pleasure. As we talk through that table, I encourage you to talk about the elements that you were personally responsible for. You're also welcome to speak into other things that you just saw or observed or heard or something. I don't want you to feel limited. I feel like all the notes I got from people, y'all were so gracious to, like, talk about your element. But I really want us to think about the cohesion and the ways that we are invited to think collaboratively, across all of the different elements of Advent. And then, as we're closing, we will talk about, if there is anything to take out of this as it pertains to Sabbath. Every once in a while, you know, being curious and thoughtful about how we're engaging the life of our church in these bigger initiatives, like, brings up things, and it's not too late that there's something we need to pivot before Sunday. Beyond that, like I said, I'll just send out the notes for your reflection for next year. We'll file them away, and then we'll feel like magical geniuses next September when we pull it out and we re remind ourselves what Abbot was like this year. Any questions about what we are attempting to do here in our time? Okay. Excellent. Well, then without further ado, I encourage you to pull up your notes here as I just sort of re remind us where we were in Advent. So it was our first Christmas together, and that's where our story begins. We were anchored in the fact that Jesus is the author and perfecter of our faith, and the core message is that god is still writing the story of redemption. We are invited to be part of it together, and our first Christmas as Garden City is not just a new name, it's a new chapter in god's ongoing story. Every person, family, and moment belongs in our story. I saw that through lots of creative elements. So I'm excited to look at each of those. Our guiding idea was that Jesus weaves our individual stories into one flourishing narrative. So we had some desired outcomes. I'll jump ahead to those. We are hoping that people would recognize that they are part of God's story and build renewed in hope and belonging. That the church family feels more connected across generations and ministry. So that was where we were looking at a lot of collaborative elements. The guests would experience the season as warm, meaningful, and beautifully simple. And that all of our creative and logistical elements would feel cohesive and sustainable and not exhausting. Exhausting. So those were our desired outcomes. We kinda wanna put those before us as we are thinking about. Alright. And we're gonna literally just take these one at a time, and this is where that popcorn happens. So as you have things you wanna contribute and add and amen and yes and disagree, we'll do that here. So our first category was alignment with the Advent twenty twenty five vision, similar to what I just shared with us again. How well did the elements, here across the top reflect and reinforce our vision for Advent twenty twenty five at Garden City? What opportunities are there for better alignment with the vision in the future? Speak for how much are you wanting me to take notes on? Every word. As fast as possible. It's very close. Because I know you have a lot that's been sent to you. Yes. I would say general theme, action items Okay. Something that we all kind of sit with for a minute, but you're right. Otherwise, I have everybody's in the business. Yeah. Thank you. That's great clarification. And then I what are those people? Systemic? Yeah. Court reporter? Just to knock the first one out. Yeah. I was just figuring one over. We can make money. I'm not in my bank. They're just in my bank. Are we going on vibes or Yeah. Largely largely not. I love it. I love it. I love it. That's a little like do not get asked to take notes again. I love it. I was sensing. Broken heart. You know? Just Amazing. One tier. Well, I'll kick this off with some of my own thoughts, and then I will bring in back to Melissa. I'll volunteer her to go first because I gotta read her part. So under decor and communications, things like that, I thought that the alignment as we move through this was so beautiful. I thought that there were so many elements, that were very distinct, but then had a place within the whole story. I was just super encouraged that, not only could each of you lead out with such creativity, but that you were also, differential to one another to make sure that it fit within the scope. So every piece of that just felt so beautiful. I know we've talked about that some already, that there was beautiful creativity and leadership in each of the elements. I personally loved getting to tie everything together with the branding, and it was so cool in the timing of the new website that that really got to be where things could land and fit all together. And I thought it came together really beautifully. It was fun to watch people discover the website through ad lib or ad lib through the website, and so that's probably gonna be, just the opportunity we got this year. Similarly, under the storyteller and the family story, those stories were potent, and I did not I don't I don't know that I had an expectation of, like, how people would engage with them. I'm talking specifically about the story cards, and it was just wild. And so I've sat with them repeatedly. They are in my office. I am sad to put them in a box until next year. It just felt like such a beautiful interactive opportunity for people to share in their art right now. I'm excited for people to be able to come back and write something new for next year, and some are we thinking how we have these filed in and we can build on it. So that element, I just love. And it was all because of people being willing to show up for some vulnerability and engage that way. Under alignment, pastor Melissa wrote for care and prayer and prayer and care. This element reflected our EBIT 2025 vision well by creating space for prayer, reflection, and encountering that the candle lighting tied naturally to beams of light and hope that moving forward, there's room to be more intentional about how we clearly connect this moment to the broader Advent story each week. You know, for the storyteller, you know, I put this here. Rich Mayo notes on this a family story, it was something that just brought this continuity throughout the whole series and connected people, in a real way. So and also that to me, when we looked at the theme just, you know, communicating a story, it was so it's such an anchoring thing that it's like, of course, like, if our theme is story, then we need somebody to read a story. Yeah. So just really awesome alignment with the story power. Mhmm. Like, it even played out more beautifully than, like, even in the beginning when we sat with the vision, it's like, okay. Yeah. Mhmm. But, like, actually seeing it Yeah. Was, yeah, such an amazing thing. Yeah. I'd echo that. Obviously, my big box of sermons, I'll collect the content of the storyteller. Yeah. All this is from its content standpoint. It's just that's what I would do in every left and I think and as far as alignment, I would say, very solidly, especially because, like, for those of us who were in the room in the very beginning, we started with a very large kind of story framework, recognizing we we can't fully do that yet, but yet how can we do something that's just accessible, but yet has this, sense of whimsical narrative, engaging? And, starting off, felt like, I think they can, but who knows? So we're swinging. But I've on this side, I was like, oh, no. We I I feel like you missed the content. We were able to, really string along the things and the feeling, that we were hoping. Ryan, I just think. But also connected to the decor, and the con that's connected to kind of the story that I wrote for for Jeff to communicate. And then and then was able to really bring that along with each sermon, and and it was very clear on I went about the sermons in a unique way than I usually do even helping Melissa prepare. It was just much more form of leg. And so that we don't lose elements. And I felt like by the end of it, all the elements were tied together. But Abbott had so many different levels, that, they were tied together, but it was there's just a I mean, just a lot all the time. So so something I feel like so many levels, something I missed out, like, maybe just maybe, like, the the the theme. Not the theme, but, I guess, a what I would say, a exegetical, large framework of what hope is versus what the story is versus what we mean by it. And I store a garden city. It's, like, those are the big words to say. And I've I'm carrying a lot of stories thinking around how to carry content along Yep. And don't lose it all. Yeah. Yeah. So I felt like we walked the line, but I also felt like there's just a lot of heavy lifting. My my brain was tired by the end. Yeah. And I'm not sure who is we're not able to carry all that content at the same time. Right. So next year, I'll obviously look to simplify. Yeah. But, yeah, don't do nothing different. So I don't know how to do that. Yeah. Because you because I was like, simplify, but don't change that. I don't know. So Are you saying it's because of our the heavy lifting of the theme Yeah. We lost some of the theology anchor? I would say I don't wanna say lost. I would say we were shy on. Yes. I would say we came at the themes. Yes. When you walk typically, when you walk to the avid themes, they have a capital letter. It's pretty much title of the sermon. Yeah. We would say that was the essence of the sermon without without the capital letter expression of it. Yes. That's a great way. So do you think there's a loss in how potent it can be the way we did it? It was inferred. It was implicit versus, aggressively explicit. Yeah. That makes sense. Yeah. Okay. Well, and it feels like, strengths and weaknesses thing. We would not want to always do that. Yeah. Also, it was good and right about the difference. Okay. Like, I enjoyed it. I was like, this this is my preference. Yes. Because it gets a life to the habit thief, which can get boring every year. Yeah. So I feel like, I love this, but I still feel like, yeah, how did how does it how was that experience? Yeah. Okay. Well, that speaks to Melissa's comment too of how we tie candles and things like that to the specific advent, like, the broader Okay. It's great. That puts language to something I was feel it didn't feel bad. That's something I was feeling. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. That's helpful. Okay. How about with family, hospitality, anything else with prayer and care? Yeah. So I love the idea of someone being able to take something with them, and I think we can do for next year as well. But Yeah. It and there was a sign there letting people know, hey. Please take one of these. But I think people did not take one Right. The two. Okay. And with their, the candles, I just think it was, you know, just a beautiful moment of reflection for people to be able to get up and light candles. I think the first Sunday, I wasn't in the auditorium. Second Sunday, I was, and I was just surprised at how much movement there was where people were Yep. Getting up and down. Huge. All of that. People did it before service, which I never watch people, like, engage that way before service. It was that. It was that one. It's kinda how you would like people to engage for prayer after the service where you see people moving around to go to a prayer team member. Yeah. So there was just a lot of movement, which was just really beautiful. I think that we should definitely do the temples again. You just have to think of a better with that wax getting on there. Oh, yeah. Made a big old mess. Oh, so funny. Okay. Well, that was one of the things too we've seen with our congregation. Sometimes they'll stick around, but otherwise, service is over and people kind of bolt. And people would wait in line to light candles almost every single week. And that was incredible And yeah. It was it was very good. Wax problems. You got it. And those are the silly things just as we continue to move through this. We will not remember next year. We think we will. But, like, those kinds of details, so continue to bring even things like that that are just a quick note that we can add to our list. Yep. Like, high servers and wax. Like, so that can be long. But I I I would echo that. I just think for if you ask me right now, I can tell you next year. I I think those that like, the individual engagement around candles should remain every year. Oh, it's so good. Right. You know, the the lighting of the advent candle is tradition, and there's nothing wrong with the individuals in that. I would say it's my heart as far as Abbott being given to each individual Yeah. And experience, and and that really was a transportation adviser. Yeah. We have to have it every year until It's just traditional, and it can be our tradition. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Until I change my mind in three weeks. This Adventist. No. I know. I'm like, yep. Consistent and reliably used assistant. Ashley, I'm okay. Y'all know. I'm behind. Alright. Anything, alignment and guest or team hospitality? You know, for one team, I, you know, I think we were aligned as far as the one team experience going welcome, warmth, and joy as the team is coming together to serve. Probably one of my favorite times with one team is the meal sharing on Christmas Eve. Oh, yeah. It's like there's just no Yeah. And it always moves. There's something about that. A note I'm gonna put this in here. One note is, like, when we do the decking of the halls is to change the meal the lunch to upstairs in the worship arts room. Yes. So that it's kinda you it it gets funky and chaotic down in the gathering place. People come and go in. Nobody knew what's going on. I know. I think it could have elements of how Christmas Eve felt and just kinda set apart. And so Yeah. I think that is you know, that's one thing. Yep. Also similar to, like, one team having a connection, you know, having the ornament that was special, I can get just for them. I'm hoping that added a piece of connection, set apart. Yeah. Yeah. There's more things that I have about one team that are kind of worries. Sure. Yeah. K. Yeah. There was something really I mean, we talked about one team being our folks who are most, like, invested in the story. And so it did feel so honoring to be able to celebrate them that way and have this gift and all that. I was surprised by how impactful it felt to be able to walk them along that way. Good job with that. Cool. Okay. Well, we can bounce back as needed. But for the sake of time, let's keep us moving here. Planning and execution. How effective and smooth was our preparation? Organization and delivery of each of the elements. Did we have any expectations that were not met, and what surprised us? How much we own? Yeah. So So many kids. Didn't realize that. Yeah. Yeah. They were opening boxes and Yeah. Yeah. But testimonials are gonna have everything we need. Oh, you're right. Well It's a good word, man. And a good note just to have for your own records or you can submit once you see these notes come out is where we are stopped now so that we know prior to next year so we're not surprised. Yep. Yep. Or don't have it, especially if it's an element that we know we wanna run that for. Yep. We think we wanna run that. Yep. Absolutely. Unless it's some decision. Yeah. Exactly. Melissa said similarly, execution went really well. One thing I learned is that next time I'll need to assign volunteers specifically to stand up at candle tables rather than using 13 members. Okay. That'll help everyone stay in their lanes and make the experience through there, which totally true. Yeah. Yep. It was hard, I think. I think. You see the impact of that one? Yeah. Okay. Both monitoring fire and praying holy spirit led. You're right. I'm sorry. I watched You're not wrong. With, like, deep conflict, like, one of the said it that way. Yeah. That is a that is a that's a thing. Yeah. Oh. I feel like there were several weeks that's good. My team just, like, Yeah. Oh. I feel like there were several weeks that's good. Table and marriage folders, and children are clanging out from under tables that have lit candles on them. And I'm texting people because there's still people lighting candles. I was like, what are we doing? This might be my most frazzled advent moment. And then Kayla was like, no. We're blowing them out. I was like, yeah, girl. Yeah. We are. Yeah. Yeah. That's so funny. It was a funny one. That's so funny. I don't know. I think it was, like, the first or second week. Yeah. That would that would have been yeah. That would have been the first the second week. Second week. As Michael. Yes. Yeah. And the proteins, bless them, didn't know what to do because people were still writing. Like, people were in it, and the children were a muck. And I was like, oh, whoo hoo. Yeah. So It was fun. And it's solid. Bloody. See, these debriefs are good too for a little therapeutic Yeah. Really good. Learn what you need to do. Yeah. Help them on that. For me personally, this is one of my first cracks at getting to project manage in a different way for our services and, seasons and such, and I just loved it. I felt like it was super learning experience for me. Learning how to set us up up for alignment and then give you the freedom to run and then be super clear in what those expectations are and how to keep us wrangled and free. And as you've experienced through that and then now through Sabbath, still just practicing. But it was super, super fun, super life giving for me. So just personally, I liked that process. Largely empowered by Curtis' vision and preparation. The ability to, like, latch in with clarity and to be able to communicate back out. And so For the scoring deeper I put, the plan of execution, felt pretty smooth. I'm gonna hear, I'm like, I think it helped that we had Jeff in this role. And as I was thinking even for the future opportunities, like, if we would have such an anchoring Yeah. Like, consistent voice that it be someone that is familiar with our staging transitions. Yeah. Yeah. I think that added an element of Yes. Like, we also experienced Yes. Because it was Jeff Yes. For real. Like, there may have been a lot more preparation needed if there was somebody not familiar with stage presence and that sort of thing. Oh, yeah. So, you know, I kinda know there, like, Jeff not only was it Jeff Yeah. But also, I think his experience benefited us Yeah. Being a role like this. That was so We ran into a lot of we ran into quite a few of the different Sundays where either Amanda wasn't available or was gonna be in youth, or, like, something happened in a transition moment in service, and I got pulled to do something else and check on something else. We need help. And so if we would've had somebody that we don't need to hold our hand, we would've they wouldn't have had a hand hold on. Yeah. Which is a good note that we could move to somebody that needs a hand hold, and that means we need to have a person on them. Yeah. Yeah. It's real. Yeah. As simple as it is. Yes. And I put That needs to be guided. I don't how that all plays out, but, like, I think it worked well to have you and Mike service the Sunday point percent for, you know, consistency there. Yeah. Yeah. And just knowing all of the logistics and Well, it worked it worked out. It just was it was just even, like, he would show up, and he was asking me for scripting. And then I was like, you have to wait for a minute for that and, like, this and that. That if it was somebody who wasn't Jeff Yeah. As we were saying that to you. So it was good. Yeah. Good note. I didn't think about that. Mhmm. Yeah. And the debrief lens, if it's if it's not Jeff, we get a hold we get a hold of him. So Yeah. And he just even knew how to respond Yeah. You know, he just knew As we said. Okay. Stop. Mhmm. Start over. Like, you know, so there's things that I was like, yeah. It's been a big best to have someone that's just a little bit more And then we found out that his mic was broken. Shay. We learned all kinds of stuff. Mhmm. Which is probably just my phone has sounded real close. Mhmm. I wonder if it isn't Planning and execution? Yeah. For, the big door piece with planning and execution. I loved how you brought the vision board. That was really, really helpful in, you know, kind of taking getting bored of the spaces for decorating. And then as far as organization and delivery of decorating, Natalie and I have already talked about next year and going forward, maybe having more of a simplified, template of, like, which trees, where to put the trees. Mhmm. And our main focus from year to year being the, photo spots. Mhmm. You know, like, where that would, like, really be our theme, but then each year, the the photos kind of look and feel more of the same. Mhmm. And I like the idea because it it it does feel a lot, especially when you have volunteers coming in to decorate. It gets away from you real quick. Mhmm. That's what goes there and what you you know? So Yeah. So that felt good. We will be working, with Valerie in the coming months to that was organized our business decorating. That excitement. Pizza. For real? Yeah. So she has taken on parts of the basement. Yeah. Has has she been down there already? Oh, yeah. She did it. Yes. Street lights. Yeah. Yes. I do remember that. Yep. I do remember. Like, still. Yeah. I remember that. Yeah. Definitely not the other side. Yeah. Yeah. But she's gonna come in and help. I'm hoping to have decorations organized by the black color Mhmm. So that when we That should get with a with a different feel and we know that we're gonna need the wine ring this year, but we can, you know, like Yeah. We can pick and choose from our colors here to have. And I I love the the trees being in the seating areas. I I love how our, you know, how our setup is and it feeling like miniature living rooms everywhere. Yep. Yeah. I I did really like how that is set out. I do. Because that season is so chaotic as we've experienced that mess with dates, what would have been something to is it like a one extra powwow from me, you, and Natalie? Or do we have a Slack channel even then? No. That's something we added for Sabbath feeds. Which Yeah. We add a Slack channel. Because we look so it's just extra eyes. Because we're all moving, and we all have and, obviously, we went into the middle of middle of the series. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So okay. We we bounced back through it, but I'm just I think they do. What could I buy? Yeah. Done. To close out with Yeah. In the beginning of the process. Yeah. Well, no. And that's a good note. So we were on a weird short timeline, and there was confusion around the timeline. Yep. So because I remember that. We were talking about, is it the thirtieth or not? And so we yep. Oh, yes. That part of it too. But even the planning timeline, we're on a weird timeline where the hope was that we had already planned things, but we came and discussed things so that we were kind of back by a step. And then I hadn't done budget stuff early enough that people knew how to run. So both of those need to be adjusted too, which would help close that gap. Whatever. Start earlier. Yeah. Yeah. Which is so tricky because we started October 30, and it's hard to start a lot sooner Yeah. Because what else we bumped into. So, yeah, next year, we'll need to think through. I almost felt like we were just, like, missing one or two. That's yeah. That's all I I kinda have that. Like, it's I don't think it's big. Like, one more meeting. Yeah. We need to A meeting in the Slack channel. Yep. We put in with ideas Yep. Discuss, and then we Yep. Yeah. So Coco and Carol's could have done what it did, but we needed it back a week and a half, and then we needed a and now we've made our decision meeting. Yeah. Okay. Yep. Yep. That makes sense. That's good. Yep. That's good. That's good right there. Did you get that order? I yeah. I said, feel like we're missing on our meeting between ideas to confirm it already. Yeah. So Yep. Let me I for going Carol's just, like, idea sharing. Yep. Yep. And then That feels good. One more. Also just gives us all confidence to actually run. Yeah. We're all synced up with each other. Yeah. Because if we There you go. Complaint, like, I I I saw and we all talked about that. It was like, I I missed that it was written. Hey. You're supposed to you're supposed to be, like, already moving when you're coming to this next meeting. Yeah. And when I missed that, I was like, oh, shoot. Well, I'm not moving. Yeah. Because I thought I was coming to verify that we're all on the same page. Yeah. And that what I'm bringing as my vision board is good and doesn't mess up nobody else. And, you know, that day we talked about fireplaces and things like that and whatnot. And so, yeah, having that at a close point before then run. Yeah. Yeah. Well, those could even be close together. So we could do It really can't. Yeah. The presentation of the vision, and then one week later Yeah. 100%. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's the hands in the middle. One, two, three, go. Yeah. Because that would give you enough time to sit with it, research, and dream. Yep. There you go. So much time that we're running out of time line. Yeah. Because it wasn't even a whole lot. It's just, we good. We we look at we all look at the same paper. We all in agreement. Okay. We're good. We needed to think up our ideas. Yep. That's what it was. It was just that little piece. Elaborate and they all fit together. Yeah. Yeah. We we need that extra insurance. Yeah. Okay. That makes sense to me. You're good. Yeah. Alright. Let's run. Good. Yeah. Well, and we saw that with Sabbath too and probably could benefit from a similar model. Because we did a good job wrestling that down, but it took us a long time, and there were pieces there that it could've gone sideways had we not been able to figure it out in that moment. You're right. So even a, hey. I'm thinking about this for tables, but it's not locked in and it's not four days away. Like Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Here's my obvious example, but, like Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I like that. Well, that's don't miss that I think the Slack channel is so Huge. Huge. Huge. Huge. Oh, okay. Good. Yeah. And I think too, just to name, you know, adding them, I think, as wise too. And, like, the more we practice this Yep. Yeah. The same rhythm The same rhythm. Yeah. Of, like, that I think it's worth noting that practice will help that. Yes. That was a 100%. Crack at it. It really is. Yeah. Yeah. Like, it broke in the latch, you know? Like, Sabbath even felt like, oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. There's always no big thing for him. Oh, 100%. That's why we should be in, how much we killed him. Yeah. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No part of that? Or It ought be. I think they should be a full staff even if somebody's not hearing like, if one of our Yeah. If they're not holding Just to be. Yeah. I 100% agree. Yep. Yep. Yep. We're just just locked in. Yep. Which I think that is right. We And out What did what did you pay? So the reason why we had with Pam is just because it's transition season. But we would for sure Like, naturally, it could be Like, when we do Easter, yeah, it will be there. Yeah. Yeah. No. We're good. We're rocking around. Full staff. Yep. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. That's good. Yep. Yeah. No. That's good for me. Because I end up having about 20 different package of paper, so I'll be forgetting what I'm looking at. Mhmm. So Yeah. Just making sure we're all For real, I was like, I was looking at two the whole time and I realized, wait a minute. They don't agree. They don't match. And maybe that's, like, where the Slack channel and, like, often if if digital Yes. Versions of things Yes. Can live that are edited then? Because I think I just kept working off the one that just ran out where you have 100%. That's what it was. Yeah. That's why I feel like the Slack channel was like, alright. I should have done some so everyone can say, okay. This ain't right or something. You know? This is an excellent plug for if what if you are not currently we need everyone migrating into Google Docs and Google things that when you put a link to a doc, you are also seeing live updates. Oh, that's good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. For sure. For sure. For sure. For sure. For sure. For sure. For sure. For sure. For sure. For sure. For sure. For sure, though. Quickly. I'm not looking at you now. No. For sure, though. That's real that's real. They do. I think documents are wonderful. They have to be there. She already looked at me a lot yesterday. Not a lot. Just a little. So that is what they Google documents. Oh, yeah. Like, it's really that's why they're that's why it's clear. All over the document. Yep. I literally I didn't even honestly format of it because when I downloaded it from, planning center yesterday, they just, like, downloaded it in that form. Yeah. So I just, like, oh, perfect. Saved it. Sent it. And then then part after I sent it, I was like, oh, think that's in something. But we all use maps. Right? So then I was like, oh, nope. And Mike Mike and Pam were the ones that were like, I can't see it. I don't wanna do that. We're gonna do it. It's good. It's good. Let me ask. Hang on one second. We gotta keep moving, friends. Right. Let me ask a couple more questions about setup day, deck the halls because I that day was fast. Did we like it? Last year, we had the staff pull everything up, and we spent a staff meeting time, like, prepping before deck the halls day. This time, we did it all volunteer. I'm just curious about how some of those elements fit, and what we preferred and if we have thoughts for next year. I enjoyed it. So I love seeing our church deeply engaged. So it's church pulling it up, church doing it off? Yes. As opposed to I I enjoyed it. Felt like a lot of leadership was being had Yeah. Yeah. Across the building. Yep. I loved my team not doing it on that day, so I would probably do that. Oh, yeah. Note. Please. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. But to whatever degree we can give give away. We can. Be in the auditorium. Yep. Was that your felt experience leading that? That was my, like I just got to enjoy. Okay. Great. Yeah. So say that. That's your I feel really, stressed out by just all the just, like, extra people because, during the time, like, I felt like this might look terrible, actually. That's real. To be afraid of. Mhmm. Because there was just, like, no really to, like, thinking it out ahead of time. Now I could have been more, somewhat more organized as far as, like, which boxes and stuff we're going up. Mhmm. And I think that could be fixed by the the basement being organized. Yeah. So there was, like, a few things there that was affecting it. Do we take pictures of the trees in here? We don't need your spouse. I don't know if you have this one. I think I sent Kaya around to all of them. I'll double check. Oh, okay. So that was it was like and I think I've talked to Jeff about it. Like, there's there's a tension of I need all these hands. Yep. Yep. Yep. You're right. I cannot do it by myself. And, also, it felt like it was getting away from me. Yeah. Herding cats. Yeah. No. There's a you know? Yeah. And when I Totally get it. I do. And I'm like, I don't know, and I can't be in all the places. Yep. So Yep. No. No. That's true. It was just too much for you To be the to oversee Down on your own. Yep. Yeah. I think so. Running between the two foyers, I felt like I just saw you sprinting. Yeah. That has to be divvied out. Mhmm. Yeah. So in that moment, I was thinking that something that could help would be getting key people in ahead of time. You know? Like Mhmm. People that are good at decorating. Yep. Yep. You know? Yeah. Kayla and, you know, Valerie as one. You know? Like, having them I almost wonder if they could be part of one of our planning meetings. Oh. Like, to see, okay, a vision, what we're trying to get to, and then they could be brought into the Yay. And organizing part. Mhmm. So that we have confident leaders in different spaces. Yeah. That's fun. Interesting. Yeah. That is? And all of that would fall I mean, if we kept all the same responsibilities, all of that would fall under however you wanted to orchestrate it. I just wanna make sure we capture, like, all of our ideas right now. Okay. Yeah. I love all of that. That should be a cool look. Equipped all of our leaders. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good buy. You can give That's a good buy just You can give that away to them. Yeah. And that they're and there are people like you said, like Valerie, like Kayla, who will feel very, comfortable going into the basement and just getting Yep. Yeah. For real. And you do not be timid. Yep. Right? And so if they're already equipped, if there's any way for them to to Meta. Get vision and feel I I actually Then they'll run for you in a way that that you I actually love it. Yeah. I wanna get a cup of coffee and and make sure that things are happening. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That would be great. We're like we mentioned too, a thought could be like, we it kinda had talked about is that you have these key areas in in the building that are for creative add and elements that get the most bang for our buck. Like, people love photo ops. So, like, if there's a few creative people that you can give ownership to a creative area that really brings a lot of, like, bang for your buck. And then think about how do you set up a more general Christmas, like, a Christmas tree display or something that you could easily give to a lot of people. Just hands that are willing to help. Yeah. But they don't need to be gifted in in There you go. Necessarily design or something. Yeah. That that could be a way to do it too. And even if your higher capacity, like, leaders are in the four years doing the photo ops, they're right there to answer questions and Yeah. No. Trees and, like That is true. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Can I add one note? It happens every year. To set out a part for something that has tape and scissors and stuff on it so we don't have to go raid everybody's house. Size. Mhmm. Oh, okay. I was asking a lot for size. Mhmm. Oh, okay. I was asking a lot for extension. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. You know what I'm crafting cart. Yes. We do a crafting cart. Let's decorate it. Mhmm. Or decorate it. That's a good idea. I did I did have a cart with I'm sorry. I should've asked it seriously. But No. I just knew I remember. Person I talked to stopped and asked for a pair of scissors. I was like, hang on. I don't know where it is upstairs. So definitely having more of a statement. Yeah. Yeah. I think we'd be Well, and if we moved lunch upstairs and could actually cuddle everyone, I think that would serve. Yeah. Oh, that's true. We just Actually, that's yep. Before we gave them good instructions because we were sending them, which was fine, but nobody, like it was a weird one. People, like, trickled out. So then if you gave your instructions as soon as your group came with you, like, half of them were still in eating pizza. So I know at least half the people did not hear your instructions in your area. That's right. And I know that because of the questions they asked me. So And a decent amount of the church that was not helping eat pizza. Yes. Oh, there was there was quite a few volunteers who didn't eat pizza. I know. I know. I know. Because Oh, I know. Numbers just It was a lot of people eat. I was like, oh, we got a we got a great turnout there. The e stores with pizza. I was like Let's take the home. And I'm standing right there. It's so clear. Are you here to help decorate? Mhmm. Great. Here's your pizza. That is so funny. Yeah. Portion bars. That is that book. Oh, yeah. It was so funny. I know. You'll be blessed. Enjoy pizza. Okay. That's great. That was one of the ones that I wanted to make sure we had good notes on because every year, we look at each other and say, what did we do? How did we do that? What do we like? So thank you for, leaning in in that space. Let's move on to communication, and resourcing. How clear and adequate were the messaging and tools did people know what was going on? One of the driving questions of my career. Back on the planning and execution. The only thing that I had was that I'm a figure out how to do book versions of everything. Oh. So, like, put crosses. Book trees, book crosses. You know I love that. I was like, this is the best thing ever. I did too. So did I. I told you. I was like, don't break it down. I we need this. Because, like, for January 4 I went in my office. It did. Me too. I was like, oh my gosh. I'm so happy. January 4, I took all the garland and lights off of them because I was like, it's not Christmas, but I'm not taking it down yet. Yeah. We will have a book theme somehow in every yes. That'll be awesome. Like, even if it doesn't fit I know. I must be right now. So I was I was just happy that with how big our stage is that it works to have a small It did. Everything's set up on. So So at the tone I have to remind myself of that for the first feature. Yeah. Because I've I've if you guys when nobody else was was here. But that night when we were decorating, I knew you guys stopped by for a little bit. I I was not enjoying myself at all. The entire time, I was just annoyed because I was like, I can't fill this stinking stage. Yeah. That was all I was thinking. So It was cool to see. Now to see how well it went, I was like, hey. Alright. I noticed as well that it fit really well in the camera shot. Yes. It did. When you were preaching It did. It just looks like a a Yeah. Perfect background behind I actually did notice that. We should be right. Yes. Yes. Like that oh, yeah. Well, those are the notes I took. We're Okay. Because we chose that on purpose. Like, once once we decided what we're gonna do Mhmm. And I was fine with not going big, then I turned on the cameras and was like, I wanna make sure that this is framed appropriately. And then Leah threw out that we should do two exact oak trees so that no matter which way, because our two cameras are in the center, that you get that experience. And then we saw that when you stood even out in the purple wings, everybody still got the same experience. We were like, that's so cool. So, yeah, the symmetry was yeah. I came to get it. Beautiful. It was awesome. Beautiful. So so the course. That's why I just I was being quiet and then we run out of time. So I was like, well, let me just throw it in there and then Yeah. I'm glad you did. Now we'll go to communication. How or did the people know what was going on? From pastor Melissa, Curtis did a great job explaining what was happening during the pastoral highlight and really captured everything we wanted to communicate. People clearly understood what to do and why it mattered. And I think we all saw that through the candle lighting impression for sure. Yeah. I would say consistent communication and content. It it was a hummer. I would say, though it was about I I don't remember if I pushed a family guide hard at all. How did I know? That was such a winning asset Yeah. That was for families, for teeth. I mean, I have people today even in the classroom, in school, public school. You know what I'm saying? So it's like and I'm like and that was like, oh, I don't actually remember. I mentioned that. Yeah. No. That was a miss on that part. So I would say that hard what what was done to that guy is such a beautiful thing. You need to communicate that. Yeah. Even beyond family history too. That was? So put in your notes so you're not off the hook for next year. You thought you were? Your notes? No. No. No. No. No. I'm kidding. I love it. Yeah. Girl. I think that I thought that was one thing I thought was a big one and that I definitely wanna do again. Yep. As far as communication and resourcing for it, though, I do feel like we made it pretty easily accessible Yeah. Through having the paper copies Yep. And sharing on social media and That's true. That's how people were going. Website, and then it was featured in career newsletter. So we're seeing it from the front. Yep. It was being pushed, but it is a miss that it wasn't part of our package. Yep. And part of that is and I just wanna be curious about it. So we were trying to we are sending the people in a lot of directions, and we're sensitive to we, the communications department, we're sensitive to all of the instructions we were giving the people. And we just wanna continue to be like, to hold that tension of we want you to light candles, and we want you to write something clear. And we wanna so what oh, you know what? And we even talked about, like, what is the passive engagement of Advent versus There you go. Promoted. There you go. And so the which interestingly, people didn't take them, but we talked about the Yeah. Taking is a passive. We talked about the Advent being a passive. And so maybe next year, we flip it, and we do these interactions with the white. I I don't know how I may have known, but I I was like, I actually don't even know if I knew that about the cards over there. Well, those tucked into the corners are so beautiful in the living room setting, but it also is a different people are just walking past them. Yeah. So Yeah. Obviously, that we had a if we wanted to do that again, we may wanna have a designated tree that is just Oh. Like, oh. Maybe, like, in the middle of the foyer or separate somehow. Yeah. Almost by, like, where the note cards were. Like, set up art in a way that you see Yeah. When you pass it in a page. Yeah. That's cool. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. Now I would say, the the thin line between passive, and active, I think, like, we're fighting for the right thing and and restoring it well, but even finding more creative ways to for the passive. Where I just Yeah. I just when so many people were coming back to me about the family, I was like, oh, okay. That's a loop. I probably should've communicated more for the masses. Mhmm. Because you all felt like that was as much expression of collective church and communication and not just just okay. You know? So The rotating cards? None of communication? Yes. I would just say, what we got we got so many things. It was almost right. What we got in not just asking for people's engagement, but communicating and projecting and displaying their engagement matters so much. Right? And so I just think, you did so well in that. And we have to always find ways to put that in front of our people. So it's not just Curtis' voice or whatever. It's like, your voices really did color this. Yeah. So that was one of my favorite parts of Christmas. I'm glad we say it's, like, for just Christmas Eve. Us and not showy. Me too. Felt Yeah. Creative. Yeah. Like, it felt like Yeah. And it felt diverse. That's part. We've been waiting as their kids once. There was, like, yep. That's what we should be doing. This is, like, for this, storyteller, but your scripting was just Oh, that's fine. So good. Like, and I thought, you know, having, like, trying to organize and resource Jeff, like, it was just, like, he had everything he needed. Yeah. Yeah. And it was just so well fired. Yeah. Yeah. The conviction's good. Yeah. Yeah. I love it. But it was good. Yeah. And I had a blast. Mhmm. So even though my my fun party is important, but it's important to me. I know. I know. Lots of notes about what I Yeah. I like it. I love idea for you. Good. I'm gonna open up these last two just to make sure Thank you. You have things imperative that you wanna add to these. And, again, we can build off this list once it gets sent out. Engagement and presence, to what extent did the congregation participate in and remain attentive to this element? What was the felt experience of the church and staff to the best of our knowledge? And then community and connection, how well did this element foster relationships, shared experiences, and a sense of togetherness? Whatever your priority things that you wanna share in this category, which will just tell us which category you're aiming for. What do you have to share? Melissa did share under engagement that the engagement with Kendall's was incredible. Honestly, wow. He believed in, participated fully, and overall felt experience for both the congregation and the staff was really meaningful. We agreed. We agreed. I would add to that. I I shared the the short testimony, but it was very potent that, the the kinds of engagement we did this year could be, done at home for online. Right? And so when people were active people who are not interested in coming to the building as church yet, willing to light candles and be engaged. Yes. We have to write that down. Like, that's that was a that's a thing that was accidental, but, yet, very needed. Actually, all of them. So we had a digital form Yeah. Stories Yes. Handle invited candles Yep. Invited community So all those things. Oh, good. Good. Good. Yes, miss. I did do the card. You did. Yeah. Are you gonna do those every year? I would like to. I I bless that. Please do that. And I will not change my mind on that. I could promise you that. Those story cards, is there a way that we could offer for people to, like, send us a picture of their story card Mhmm. Or scan Yeah. There's that. You can upload a JPEG or you can fill out the online form. Yeah. We already did that. I think so. From home. I think so. Nice. Let's double check. But I'll make a note just in case you could You know, connected communication, those are small plugs. I could've you've been doing it in the past. I'm like, hey. Send back, you know, pictures of your cards from home. Mhmm. That we I know they knew it. They could see it, but just ways of connecting all of us. Yeah. That's good. That's good. Yep. Yep. Yep. When you were talking about the the messages not being as, like, capital letter Mhmm. As it goes to the congregation, like, participating and being engaged, I felt like I yeah. I just I felt it. I felt a an engagement from Convenience that I haven't felt in the past. Yep. There was something It was. So just real and tangible and almost conversational, about each week. It just really was. I don't know if I remember that from the thirtieth or not, but I know once we got into December Mhmm. Each week, it was like a note in my head of, like, nine You're not wrong, but it's This is really I don't know. I'm trying to I don't know. I'm trying to use kind words, but it's not dry. Whatever that is. No. I know what you mean. Yes. It's And I've been involved with lots of advents Yeah. And lots of beautiful advents. Yeah. This was one of the most engaging I've ever experienced in a church. I was like, it's so I wrestle with it, like, what what was it? Well, Well, I think But it's a real thing. You're not wrong. I wanted to say it through the sermon lens because I think that that is a big part, that we would be robbing ourselves if we didn't say is also why people didn't go to the hills and why people don't go to the gym right now knows. I mean, we saw that. Just check out in the middle of an Advent message that you've heard, you know, 20 times before or Yeah. Five times before or whatever it is. How how much more you think about lunch and you're not thinking about, you know. So, yeah, the way you wrote those and delivered them was very good for congregational participation. Yeah. I'm sorry to say that we saw that last year, not in a bad way, but because the sermons and services took a different tone Yeah. Our adjacent elements I mean were impacted Yes. Because they were all fun and light. And so, like, yeah, which we cannot undervalue, especially in these high holy seasons. So high holiday seasons. Yeah. I'll take high quality. High holy. Probably, yeah, the impact of the actual service and sermons Yeah. In a different way. 100%. You're right. I think that's what we're walking away with. It is distinct. Yeah. So then the four years felt faster. Almost They really did. But just in a very familiar, hanging out way, which, I mean, that could that could be any Sunday. But you mix in the decor. You mix in, you know, the the ways that people are responding, and it just felt like Christmas comes back. It did. Every week. Every week. It was wild. And so yeah. Melissa had a note under community and connection that even though lighting a candle is an individual moment, watching people come forward highlighted how much people are longing for connection, prayer, and time with God. For yes. A 100%. Yeah. It was really But they really were engaging. A communal element. And I felt the ink from my own heart. And I I I asked people to pray, and I loved going and lighting a candle for me. So it was it was just a really unique thing. Yeah. It's so interesting to see, yeah, that very individual practice as a community element. It really yeah. It was very drawing. I feel like it was very curious. I'm like, just to say, hey. I'm not like, oh, that's very blind. I clearly was very curious. I'm not a touch of a and then I thought, oh, that's very clear, but I said yeah. I I know there's a measure of losing this until I'm gonna both engagement community and beyond, but I've always valued different voices doing the advent theme candle lighting. But I just love the storyteller doing it and then releasing the other lighting to the you know what I'm saying? So I would say, I enjoyed this more knowing and I'm not saying we have to do this the same way. I just I did enjoy it. It felt much more fluid and natural than it has been. We're just trying to get a different voice each week doing it. Right. So but also know we do something in that. It just does. We have that much. Yeah. We have that much candle lighting in a room. It just changes. Everyone does. Yeah. And it probably really helps support your stage that was right and appropriately sized and all that. But the fact that the whole room was full also added to a smaller stage design. You know what? That's real. I nothing about that room felt empty or It's a real thing. That's true. So I missed them candlelight the next week. I was like, you're gonna have them every week. I don't know what we're doing. I know. They really was. There we go. I didn't put words to it. That's what I felt. Like, the whole room was this thing, you know. So Yeah. It's good. Yeah. Yep. So something I think, for next year to remind us that that we've missed a bit the last couple years is just considering Christmas Eve service and and all kids that are in there. Oh, yeah. Don't don't say it so much. Do you mean it through a family? Not that it has to be a family. No. You you're out you ain't, bro. Putting that hat on and having conversations I did. Forget. So that they're not an afterthought. You know, like, okay. We have battery candles, power candles, and we give them the bad. But I think, we haven't been as intentional with actually considering what a family service it is. Yeah. Actually, most people do not take advantage of child care. Like, I think we should still, for sure, operate at at least one of the services. We had a few kids at 3PM. We had no kids checking at 6PM or one baby. Wow. So I just, It was a pretty light service, though. Yeah. But I I am interested in that too because I know in my brain, it was a service that generally some kids, but who knows? No. It is. But that is not how we approach. And so, I don't think you're wrong. And I don't know if that's the planning. Like, hey. We need to actually as we're planning this thing, sit with that Christmas Eve. It is a family Sunday. Even though it's Christmas Eve. You know what I'm saying? Or even as we get closer to Yeah. We're just, like, revisited of, like, is that what we want? Do we want, you know, like No. It's real. I don't think we have a hard time finding finding childcare even for what we offered. So Yeah. Probably not gonna, like, do a whole, you know, Garden City Kids thing for consistency, but just, like Yeah. Having a little quarantine point, people didn't wanna check their kids in. There were so many littles. Like, I I missed the building because we'll be together. Yeah. I think the 06:00, especially for the, like, the babies, nobody was really Yeah. That's just it's more they're getting ready for bed more. Yeah. Yeah. So Well, practically, getting volunteers for 06:00 was really kind of difficult. And so I wanted to throw out, and we don't have to talk about it till next year. I wanted to throw out twelve and three as a maybe to think about. It's not on a Sunday at 06:00. Like Yeah. Will you leave us to suggest to just early and often talk about service times? There is no magic time, and there is no winning, but to have that conversation early and often with service stuff. I just I just browsed, around in Google, and I saw that a lot of churches offer that earlier time, and we've experienced that when we offer an earlier time, like, 03:00. People take us up on it, and we've done it for multiple reasons. I know that there is something that we lose, as we as we've said about, like, the evening one with people who really value that Christmas eve evening tradition. But then when I was up there and seeing it towards the end of service that it's like, oh, there's not really very many people here, and the candlelight was was a very different experience than it was on in the three p insurance because of how few candles they're working, and things like that. Then I was like, I wanna bring this up when we do this. So it's really my last note is It's a good one. Times. You don't oh, cool. Because I had, my own debriefing thoughts from when it comes to content. It was I was even thinking through Family Sunday was I just wonder if there's creative ways to include kids' voices. Even because my natural thought is, man, this have a queen's choir. Right? Ain't nobody gonna be around for no kids' choir. Yeah. But some kid voices recorded somehow in Christmas Eve. Okay. That sets a whole different tone. Yep. And even how we welcome the people, we welcome this with the fullness of Christmas Eve, and we also welcome And we did some of that. Well, yeah. Yeah. It wasn't completely missing. But Yeah. Is there a way, you know yeah. If we can approach it as we get closer to your pay. Do we have a children's story? Literally. That's what I was thinking too. Like, we elements that yeah. You want Luna to lead a song? Yes. I do. Oh. I really would. Hi. I do think we need more kids' voices. I would love to, like, what do you need more kids' voices? Love that. Just just say yes until it's go time. I wanna honor our time for those of us, that have the next meetings and things like that in this busy, busy week. But please do not stop thinking if you have other thoughts. Please send them to me by whatever means you would like and I will add them to the form or you can edit the form yourself. It will be a living Google Doc, so you will be able to do that. And then as we are getting We will be back together shortly as we do a very similar process after seven. So thank you all for your time. And thank you, Jess, for