Ago. Right? Yes. Like, weird event where I ended up with me and my girl sleeping at the church. I know. Oh, yeah. Like it's yesterday. Okay. So an event sorta like that happened last Christmas Okay. Which is what led me to come here last Christmas. Okay. And I actually had another one of the and I knew at the end of that one something was gonna happen this year as well. And and it did. And it was handled incredibly poorly, and it ended up being incredibly very, very bad for me. But very, like, personally, I don't even know. Like, I don't even know. Because, like, one, medical community will just call it a mental breakdown. It's so much more than that. Yeah. Because it's so god involved and god ordained. And this time, like, it messed with my kids and it messed with my job and, like, it was all intertwined. Okay. And, like, one, I've lost my job, which corporate office is doing investigation after investigation. And there's another one, and I have to talk to somebody about it tomorrow. I don't know. It's just About about you losing it? About You lose your job? Why can't that scare you? I don't know. Well, I think at this point, it's more than that, I'm assuming, because I'm not expecting to get my job back because, like, whatever. But, like, like, corporate corruption and weird stuff, and it's literally the company that owns half the world, and it's so much bigger than I am. And, like, why am I in the middle of this weirdness? I don't even know because I'm just like a little peon little kid from, like, nowhere. Right? But, like, here I am. And I'm, like, trying to hold this and then in the middle of all this, it's like, hey. Curtis walked through it the first time and he had no idea what was happening. But, like, he's grown since then. Go talk to Curtis. So here I am. I know. I have, bro. I And I had to cross that. And I just all these little stuff. So real. Like, I'm I'm one. I'm gonna forever be like, I'm I I'm sorry. Like, I just, well, like, I was I I I I all like, you know, I said always, like, always. Like, I would say, the lord the lord just used that to teach me a lot growing. And still to the day he's doing that, and so I'm honored to walk through, but it was so hard. And part of what I care, anyway, is like, man, there's so much love I wanted. So I was like, I have no clue how to show. Like, I I legitimately I was like, anybody wrote there ain't no book on this one. I do not and I'm just And the books that were written weren't even applicable. I know. So I do want you know my heart will always be led to something else. Like, I didn't do it right. I'm sorry. But it was because I love you, and I was fighting for your girl. I'm like, girl, I don't know what I'm doing. We've been through so much. Yep. So much. And, like, I know all of this is, like, tied to that, like Yeah. Spiritually. Like, Danny and I, our relationship. Like, I don't even it's still Are you still tied to that? Okay. Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, I stayed with him. Like, you know I did I did. Probably longer than anyone else would have been. Like, didn't divorce until, like, I literally felt like God said, you can walk now. Yeah. But, like, there's so much that is still tied there, obviously, because, you know, my kids. Yeah. And, and, like, I think what brought so much up last year is, like, Cameron I'm gonna be president of Cameron, my second oldest. Like, she turned 18. He wanted to, like, completely disown her. So he, like, filed papers with the court to, like, not pay child support anymore. And, like, this time, we're, like, we actually are supposed to, like, go to trial on Friday Yeah. For that. And so, like, I know, like, some of this is, like, tied to that, but I know too, like, it's so much more than that. I don't even know. Hers is just crazy. And I don't know. Like, so much I have seen so much in the last two months, and I feel like God has talked to me so much in the last two months. I mean, he talks to me all the time in weird ways, but, like, I feel like this is, like, so much more and so much bigger. And, I don't know. Like, I feel like when I was looking at, like, your church's page and, how you changed it over to, like, Garden City and not a faith family and, like, all the things, like, moving forward and, like, to be world changers. Like, I totally like, that's exactly what, like, God is Mhmm. Telling me in my heart and, like, what I'm supposed to be, like, doing and helping other people do. And I don't know how to do that. Yeah. I don't know. Because, like, I'm just, you know, I'm just a girl. I'm just a little person. And I'll I'm just, like, so much How old is her youngest? She's just turned 14. The e moo? That's Hannah. Hannah. Yeah. Yeah. 14. Mhmm. Gosh. You think so, bro? Fourteen, fifteen, seventeen, nineteen, twenty one. That's just crazy. It is crazy. Okay. Yeah. So I don't even know, like Yeah. What I'm doing here. The I yesterday, I get messages just earlier this week about, like, hey. I need a job. Is there any way, like, your church can maybe do that? But then, like, the more, like, I talked to God about it, the more it was, like, really brought you to mind. And then it was, like, you know, he was with you the first time, and I think I think he can help him. I'm like, okay. So then, like Yeah. Then I felt like I needed to come today and try and talk to you. And, like, on the way here, it okay. Even, like, ten years ago Yeah. Like, part of, like, the craziness, like Yeah. Of of everything was, like, God trying to point me to my father, and I assumed it was, like, my dad father, but it wasn't. It was so much more. And I don't know if we ever really talked about all that. There's so much stuff. Didn't. That's that that's a big piece. Yeah. For real. And it's just, like, this moving, like, crazy area. Not know it. Okay. Yeah. Anyway, so this morning when I was driving here, I felt that again, but it felt like more like, you need to go home. And then when, like, I walked up to your church, like, the thing about the doors was, like, welcome home, and it was like, god hit my heart and, like Superb. Because I was gonna just sit I know your service doesn't start till ten, so I was gonna just sit in the car, but then, like, there are people here, so the sheriff is open. So I came in, and then it's like, just go sit in the sanctuary and pray. And I was like, okay. Then they were practicing, like, worship service. Of course, it was so, like, real that I came in and sat in that service. It was so, like, for my heart. And, there's just so much. It is. There's just so much. You're you're so scared so much for so many years, And I have never been detached from that. I'll just tell all these yes, man. I was like, I still I I still feel like it's yesterday. I just still feel like it. Because your heart, your babies, all of that was just one of those things where I feel like the Lord entrusted me with and overwhelmed me. I'm like, Lord, let's be all what I can do. I know. Right? Me too. And I feel like I failed my kids because I didn't raise them in church. Sister. But I couldn't. No. No. No. No. No. Sister. But I couldn't. Yeah. It was a lot. And Church represented so many. So much so much. And I do. Yeah. There's grace for that. Yeah. I think there is. And, like, they're good kids, but, like Yeah. They reject so much truth, and they reject Jesus because they don't feel like Yeah. He has a place for them Yeah. Which is so wrong. But, like, they won't hear that for me. And Yeah. I don't know. My heart's just so full. I feel that. And so heavy for so many things. Yeah. And, like, the crap at work is just a mess too, but, like, I don't even know how, like, that messes into all this, but it does. Of course, I don't even know. I don't even know. I just know I'm here and, And I'm from what? Supposed to say help, and I'm supposed to say thank you for walking with me. And there's there's just so much. There's just so much. Oh, okay. Come on. This actually might be. Come on. Hey, chef. Oh my gosh. No. You're fine. No. You're fine. We just have to get our stuff. Grab some stuff by. I'm just glad I'm No. You're We just have to get it ourselves. No. You're Perhaps some stuff. I'm just glad I got to tell you. Emotions are real. Yeah. Totally. Yeah. I don't mind. I'll just see you. Okay. Sorry, guys. Grab your tits. Let's go. I know. Right? I know. Prayer, man. Bug. No. He's it's been a it's been a hard I can tell on his face. Okay. Alright, babe. Got Alright. Alright. Alright. First of all, I listen, I'm gonna always say this, thank you for entrusting, I mean, that and this. To this day, it's one of some of the most vulnerable things that wasn't entrusted for me to hold. Right? I'm forever grateful. Like, I'm forever grateful that you allow me to and I'm forever grateful that you had the grace for my mistakes and figuring out and still make it to my life. And I don't know what I'm doing. I I wanna know what I'm doing, but I'm not gonna leave your side. But I don't Same. As you know, so I just want you to know, Mariah feels gratitude towards you and love and honor towards you and to your baby. Right? Because I know what I was entrusted with. And it was during the season I'm like, there I I was in the same thing as in when you said Martha. I'm like, yep. I've always felt like my sister's heart is full. Like, I have a soul to deal with a lot. And I thought, call to help, but I was like, I don't I, I don't know what that is. There's no scripts for this. There's not. No. But you but does not mean I don't ever want you to think that means you're so broken. I used to think that because literally so many people in my life told me that, but, like, I don't anymore. Because God is definitely, like, help me so have me so upset. I agree. It's not because you're so broken. No. No. No. No. Yeah. I've just learned there are just things there's kinds of trauma, and there's there's a learning and I honestly, I have to take one on one. Well, no. You you jumped me from four to four one. So so what I'm having for, I could, like, deconstruct, like, alright. Where's 1012? But I but should I learn but so honestly, like, I I'm great for you because you honestly taught me. This is so hard. Oh. Who's that? Oh. Hi. Oh. I'm gonna tell you about other than me. It's fine, Curtis. It's fine. Okay. Because it messes me up. Okay. Anyway Okay. So yeah. What's what else? These words like, I I would say everyone else benefits now because I, like, I'm like, I had to get in to, like, okay. I do because, like, some of your sermons that I would listen to have been, like, really I'll tell you, like, guys I think he learned that. I think he think he learned that. I think he learned that. I will no. No. No. I will tell you I did. I'll tell you I did. I'll tell you I said, guys, I I've had to carry it. I was like and I was like, lord, I want there's so many things I'm not gonna understand, but you've been you you tell the church to come alongside the broken and hurting. So I'm so clear on that. Yeah. It's like, alright, Lord. Just walk me through how do you do that even when you know you're helpless and then you know alright. So that's what I was like, alright. So I'm not that's why I said, you know, too. I was like, hey, I'm not overwhelmed by any level of brokenness. It's like, hey, we just gotta I don't know. We gotta walk it out. Relationship drives everything. And some of it's just another lady, I'm just blessed in this season where I think the Lord's teaching me a lot and a unique call that I would not said it was a call until recently, and I'm still wrestling through what that means. I understand. But a call like, I've always just assumed strong women have a voice in the church, and I have learned that's not always experienced. And and I've learned that I wouldn't call it a calling, but part of what I'm always doing is, hey. Let's just sit and make sure your voice is heard, and let's figure that out together. I I will I I learned from that from I'm like, hey. I can't promise I'll fix anything. I learned really fast in that situation. I gotta be able to I don't know what I'm doing, but I'm not going anywhere. Right? And I've learned there's a grace in that too. Right? Like I learned. Alright. I don't know, but I'm not going anywhere. And we'll stumble through this. And as as the Lord or experience reveals it to you or me, I was like, alright. Let's just we'll just we'll walk and just pivot as necessary. But also recognizing, hey, I don't want anyone ever feel like, I don't ever feel like I view myself as a solution. Like, nope. I am clear on that. Yours was one was like, I want to come in as Superman. I was like, I cannot. Okay, Lord. That broke me. I am not Black Panther, Superman. I don't care if America. Like, I man. No. I'm like, oh, I love it. I kinda had to step up and be Wonder Woman, and I'm crushing. So Like, I'm So I was like, it's humbling. I was like, I'm a very beautiful young woman. So I would I get I'm a always be be with a with a heart of gratitude and honor, and a measure of grief. Like, oh, I've always gonna do so much more. And and I hate that I couldn't do more. I would say that if your girls would, I'd say that to them. I'm like, I want to figure out the more. Are broken. So many sisters. So many. So many. No. For it really is. It's some of one of those things I would try to embrace them. Like, god, there's just so many systems broken. Sometimes you gotta admit some of the healing is, hey. Just admit whatever we thought you can rush in and find out, it don't work like that. So then you have to just wrestle through community. How do we fill in the gaps? Right? Didn't have anyone. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. So and I'm grateful Jess has taught me a lot and helped me over the years. So so I would just say I'm honored and whatever that means. I mean, I I would say Jess feels the same way. It's like, hey. If there's ways to talk walking with you this evening, Oh, the answer is let's figure it out. I don't know if I feel like I'm supposed to be here. I don't know why or what is. You just take a day by day. I don't. You don't you do not have to know, and I don't even need you to know. Like, I tell everybody, hey, you just show up when God says show up. And if it's a temporary watering hole or a long time, it's like, I'm good with whatever you need. I literally am good. And while you're here, even if it's a day or a decade, when you're here, you will get out everything I know to offer. And the admission, well, I don't have nothing to offer, but you'll get you'll get what I know to get. Right? And the admission, like, alright. Well, we have resource that could help. But I think the first step is you just keep walking, and you don't know a lot. And you don't have to not know. I don't know a lot. And I'm But you don't have to confused. I know. Yeah. You don't have to I would say that I would say you you I don't think you're off and where you're at and no. You're wrong. It's like, you don't know. It's like, yeah. Because yeah. I don't think you wanna know yet. Oh, I just don't think you're running up. I think your call right now is, oh, yeah. Week to week. I just really is that let's keep it simple. My my counsel people is like, well, just keep it simple so you're not overwhelmingly stressed. Try to figure something out. I was like, I I think what happens and you know this because it it comes through your prolific writing. Like and when something needs to be clear, he will make it clear to you. I mean, there's been some things made clear. I don't know what to do with them. I don't even know how to speak them. I don't even know how to make words of them even in writing. I know. Because I feel like so much has been shown to me. And I think some of it's just for me, but some of it, I think I'm supposed to figure out how to put out somewhere. I don't I don't I don't know. I don't know. I got other people here the same way. And I tell them, like, actually, I don't either, but let's walk and figure it out. Because there are some there are some grace in the ministries that the what it looks like if it like, it's not gonna fit in the traditional kind of rails, the ministry. Right? But I think we don't I don't think we're supposed to try to make everything fit either. Like, I I just think we're we're supposed to walk with the Lord, walk in community, and I need community. I've got I need people. True. I need people. Like, my only people like, I know you kind of have an understanding of, like, the weird people in skin suits, but we are also, like, so much more. Yeah. Right? So some of the people at my job are so much more, but in not very good ways. Oh, I do understand that. And they have absolutely been, very influential in some attacks that I've experienced in those moments. Sure. I mean, worst attacks that I've ever experienced, and I've experienced a lot of shit. Yep. And this has been incredibly bad. And I don't know how to make complete sense of that, and I don't even know who all the players are. I don't know, if you know or not. Like, I was hospitalized in, you know, November. Okay. Not associated with the job or no? So kind of like the event from ten years ago only amped up a lot more, and they ended up, like, hospitalizing me because I was, one, I was sleeping, like, seconds at a time. So, like, it was not functioning. Like, got very close to death, which I think they finally, like, let me go home. But, like, I mean, it was, like, a corrupt mess. But, like so I was in, like, a mental hospital, basically. And, like, some of the other people that I was in there with, were, like, representative of, other belief systems, which I don't know how to make sense of that, and that does sound crazy. And I get that, but, like, dude, I can I can walk out exactly how and it just it And I had to stand I had to stand for for Jesus, which is so weird for me because, like, I'm just a kid? Right? So, like, I'm in this place and I'm here with these Yeah. It was so much, but, like, I did it. To the best of my abilities, I did it. And, like, and it was okay. And, like, I got their respect, but not me. That makes sense? Yeah. Yeah. And it was so weird. Yep. And I'm like so I'm still holding that experience trying to figure out, well, okay. What's that even mean? I don't know. But then, like, so many other things happened since then. And, like, of course, I just don't know. I just don't know. I just don't know. I just don't know. I just don't know. I just don't know. I just don't know. I just don't know. I just I just my life's just really weird. Yeah. Really weird. You're not yeah. You're not. No. I know I'm not people We need more people to admit it. Yeah. But, yeah. I don't I don't know what I'm doing, Curtis. I don't I don't know what I'm doing. And and as things get revealed, you can do it. You just keep walking. Yeah. I just know, like, I'm I'm supposed to love people. I'm supposed to teach them how to love people. And, like, that's that's literally, like, what That's real. Jesus keeps telling me. Okay. I know. I'm like I don't understand. But I do like, I know I absolutely need community. Like, I loved our community group way back in the day and oh, most of it. Some of those really hard for me. But, like like, I need that. And I need and you kinda talked about that in service today. Like, you need people to, like, speak into you, whether it's, hey. Check yourself or whether it's, like, you need to see this, then I see. And, like, I I haven't really had that, like, at all. And, like Oh, that's funny. Yeah. I need that. And they'll be with I mean, the beautiful thing is you got people you're like to meet, just that that know you. Right? And so Yeah. It's one of those things where you're not stepping into it. Everyone's brand new, which I I like to mention to you. Yeah. Because Because I know terrifying. Oh, it wouldn't it ain't much for Jess and I to see Gracie here. Like, oh, No. We can name it. Like like, I I know the the beautiful soul you are. I know the beautiful soul you are. I'm not wondering. It's always been you you you are a walking grace, and there's so much. Because, like, I remember when I came last year, I, like, didn't want anybody really to see me. I know, girl. I didn't wanna feel that rejection. I know. I felt it. I was nervous. Everyone's so good to not know that at all. Oh, but, he won't feel that for me. I'm always been I'm worried about the same day for me. Like, neither we have walked through very hard things. Yeah. Are we good? You good? We good? Because we had to like, you have survived a lot. And then for that short chapter, I had somebody with you. They're like, sometimes you come out, you're like, are we good? Like, what what did we survive? Like, so I look at it like, well, lord, I'm very grateful. Again, it was I feel like you came out of love there and I did because you and I. Man, I I'm sad about that. Yeah. I want that. I want it. But I feel like But there's so much. You know? And, I have the people that I walk with here that's like and I've had to learn, like it started in that season and it continues like, hey, there are just things that are not quick, easy, and simple. Like there's Yeah. Kinds and complexities of trauma. Mhmm. The way it weaves together. It's a menace. It is. And it just there's and it just it ain't just oh, go go talk to somebody. Like, no. Sometimes it's like, oh, if they stop, and you have to peel like, you have to oh, what's that part? Okay. What's oh, okay. Right? And so, like, you mentioned your fault. Oh, I didn't even know those things. But that's a I know the situation I walk with where I thought this was a box and you couldn't find out, like, oh, that box actually is influenced by that box. Oh, we gotta open that box. But you can only open it when it's good to open it. Because you can't just open drama whenever you feel like opening it. But sometimes it does. I know. And that's so that's why that's why ground. The moment you have does it. Well, let me tell them what you need. Because they're me. I I wanna for nobody talk about, like, I do I have learned enough by my own pursuit of healing. And as I come like, listen. You just gotta walk and you open the doors as you see fit to open the doors. There's not a door you can open. I'm I'm worried about it. I can promise you that. I'm not worried about any door you can open. I just want you to feel comfortable to know. You can try that. I won't force you to do that. And I want people to to feel honored and loved and what that the patient need. Who got the patient need? That's why I said, I don't I don't need you to be confident in no end line. You knew enough, I said. Hey. I just showed up. That's all you need to know. Like, like, literally, when you go from here, you ain't gotta be thinking more than, oh, I just took this step. That's all I know. Yep. That's all you know, so Yeah. That's usually about to get, like, one step, maybe two. Yeah. Do this And it's okay. And I like as it real, it's like, yeah. Yep. I know. I don't get a plan. You do not. I can't have a plan. Literally. Be so nice. It's true of the Lord. I know. And when people come calling, I'm like, how did you get how did you get a whole plan? I don't ever like, literally, I'll tell people I mean, there's been moments prior to plan. Yeah. But, like Yeah. I know. I was like, this one I tell people this year was the opposite of my plan. Yeah. When I left the journey, I was like, I'm going to plant a living room church with 10 people. They'll be in this room. I was so so clear. And the Lord opened it and I and I told people, I said, the hard work I had to do was the Lord having to honestly release me from the ways I define what I want church to look like and feel like. And I would have defined and I did actually four seasons. But even for the first year here where I would say, lord, it's not what I want. I want it small. This can be church. And Lord, it start teaching me, like, you don't love is love. And size, they don't always dictate that. Yes. Some people do wrong thing besides, but not everybody. And I know here, I'm a pastor, Lord, teach me. And I've I've told people I've I've had to repent. So I tell my I told my church, hey. We're gonna fight being a family. We're gonna do it wrong, but I just need us to fight to be a family. I don't need us to fight for many things, but we gotta fight to be messy in a family. Yeah. Yeah. So that's what we're gonna do. That's all I need to guard and sit. People like, what's the ten year I don't know, buddy. I I just know I like Jesus. I love the people here. Like, I really I And he wants us to make it better. He wants to make it better. He really does. Yes. And and in me and in me always these big ways. I tell people like, no. No. No. Just if all of us have a portion of bricks, the little corner of the world you weren't interested in. So do not compare. Just like walking. That's all. You have babies at home. You're you're you're investing morsels of bricks. Yeah. I know. I feel that. I feel that. Yeah. Yeah. So I reach out to whenever you feel like it, I reach out to Jess. Tell her. Tell her a little bit like this. Like, I feel like I took a step to club, and I supposed to take another step, but I don't know what else. Okay. Yeah. I don't I don't I don't know, like I do feel like I'm supposed to be here. I don't know in what capacity. I don't know what I'm supposed to do. I don't know if I'm supposed to serve. I don't know if I'm And take your time. I don't know, like Take your time. You ain't gotta know. Oh, I do I I I do feel like a calling on our church and it gets clear. I wanna be a few years. I'm like, oh, it's clear and clear. Some of our ministries feel like when I say watering hole, I do not like I feel like some of some people are just called to drink fresh water, sit for a second, and be sent back out or some stay. But I tell people, like, I don't you don't got it. It don't got any more than what I'm for me, Right? Like, you just walk it out. But I do know for some reason, he's calling this church to be that kind of means of grace for many. And I'm gonna say yes to that. I feel like sometimes he I feel like a lot of times he wants me to be more than I feel like I can be. Oh, you're okay. Yes. 100%. And I don't know how to do that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like, I feel like sometimes I'm supposed to speak, but I'm not a speaker. And I'm supposed to use my voice and that I'm supposed to, you know, like Yeah. Be that person for him, for others. And I'm not a spotlight girl. I know. I'm a hide in the back row, girl. Mhmm. And, like, I I feel like he's like, but I've given you experiences to to heal other people. And I don't know what to do with that. I feel like probably it's the first time I actually, like, said it out loud because normally I just Probably. Go away. Same. But, he's not really letting me do that anymore. But, yeah, I really don't know how to, like, stand up and walk in that. I know. Because one, it's incredibly terrifying. It is. Two, I really need the core stuff with their dad to be done before I can speak about any of that stuff. That's right. Yeah. Even though my kids are more than willing to talk about whatever. But, yeah, I need that chapter closed. Like, we've been closed. And, yeah. I I didn't know yeah. But I was like, no. That's that's a that's a real kind of line in the sand. Yeah. Yeah. But, like, I still I still feel it so strongly, and I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes I just can't hold all the words that are, like, pouring through me, and I don't know what to do with that. I actually I mean, probably because yours come out this way. Well, yeah. But and I tell people, I said, guys, I didn't wake up wanting to do this. Like, I still feel like so I try to live real. I was like, god, maybe the best was not people. I I meet guys and girls like, oh, I wanna do that. I'm like, alright. I wasn't me. I didn't wanna do any of this. Dude, I was gonna be a missionary in some country and not speak like people. Just be like a little bit and and, like, not have my own kids and I get married and not do all not do all of this. I know. Yeah. No. That's why I was afraid. That was my plan. Yeah. I I tell people I said, I didn't want marriage. I want a missionary. I was like, well, I and I didn't want a local church. I like my about being a local church person. Local church people were weird. I wanna go to the nations. I really did. I was like, lord, just say. Yeah. I'm not gonna board a local church. They weird. They get weird. They get weird. And so then, lord, give me spouse, kids, and a local church. And I'm like, so I tell people, like, I mean, hey, you've got that. I I have it. And I said, man, the lord has given me the life that I wouldn't have told you I needed. But who I am today that is any form of even the health. I was like, because because I had a a wife and kids in the local church. Like like, there's just so much healing and things he had to do with me that it wouldn't have happened in missionary. Yeah. And I tell people, like, and hear me. I still feel like I my my heart is more like a missionary than a pastor. Yeah. But yet, I could also say, man, who I am today, I know I couldn't be. Like like I but I still know I gotta go mission trips right away. Yeah. Like I said, I go missions. Oddly enough, I've never been home. Oh, girl. I joined a youth missions group. That's actually how I met Danny, but, like, we never did I go on mission trip. Because I left because it doesn't it was corrupt. They ended up being closed, but, like, that's the whole other thing. Oh, I lot in life seems to, like, be weeding out the corruption of whatever, like, organization I'm in, and I don't understand that. But I feel like that's somehow again what's happening at Home Depot, but I don't know. It's so weird. Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes, some of us do really do have a grace. I would I'm not sure that's great. Well, I'm a say yours is I thought I said some people have a grace of and I'm trying to put words because I've had I've had and still have to embrace that. Where the Lord there's some types of grace in people that it looks more like disruption. Yeah. Because there is a buyer presence. My old counsel called in the shit, mister Earl. It's just real. Yes. I have learned that and Lord told me that Jeremiah was like there's uprooting. There's just some people whose calling does not look comfortable. It will and I tell people like, I don't see at my whole life. You know, that's all I'm gonna try for ten year. I wanna leave after dinner and stuff, and the whole like, nope. This is actually why I brought you to step in and help guide this to us. Like, let let them figure out help. I'm good. I'm gonna live my life. And I'm like, no. And I and I'm like, actually, every stop I was at, nothing about me. You know, you still carry responsibility for feeling like I somehow inadvertently caused him to kill himself. Why? What? Little for real. Why? Oh, I do. I do. No. And I know it's not true. No. But put words to it. I mean, you probably remember, but, like, I was in counseling for, like, a a a group of of wives. Yeah. And one of the gals, I figured out, also went to the journey. So the things she was saying, I realized, were about Darren. I also realized she was also seeing the same counselor I was. Yeah. And so, like, triangle messes, and I tried to bring that to light. I think I talked to you about some of the stuff, and, like, he ended up getting removed from being cast or ended up killing himself, and I feel like it was because I instigated. No. No. That's not. I mean, I know. I don't know. I just want But that's not true. Yeah. I know. But still I know. But just your soul is still catching up to it. Yeah. That's a rough thing. Yeah. And there's your way to it. Believe me. I've had my own journey and still that I've wrestled through. What the hell was that, Lord? Like and and feel the way I carry it. And even that, even in his life friendship, but I speak to you like like, yeah. He he was the same truth he preached, the feebleness of humanity. It was as true for him. I know. I know. I know. And I know why it's just the worst. Devastating. Yeah. Catastrophic. Like, it just was. I'd tell people, like, hey. It's okay for us to name. That was destructive to our souls when that happened. It's for many people. And what what it didn't look like looked like a million different ways, but that suicide did get us and it's okay to sue me. It got me. So if you're I'll tell you that, no. You're under that umbrella. So when people were I was like, I understood you had to leave it right there. You had to. Like, some of us had to leave to deal with that. I told people, like, some of us had to stay to deal with it, had to be dealing with it. Like, all of us had to face. What the hell? What what was that? What were we doing? And why why him? Like yep. Sorry. Cousin days. Cousin days. So alright, sister. You you did work today. This and that. You came here. Proud of you. I did. Proud of you. That's all we need to worry about. Small steps. We ain't got no more than that. Literally, we do not need to know more than that. Okay. Okay? Great. And everything is clear. We'll take those steps when those get clear. Okay. But we don't need the rest of them, and you don't need that burden. Alright. You did good. Okay. I'll take that, I guess. Yeah, girl. I just I I Well, that's what I learned all these years.