Yo, brother. Sorry to hear you weren't feeling well. And to be honest, bro, we could just voice memo back and forth, to be honest, if it makes it easier. Basically, just wanted to follow-up with you all on catching up with, Carlos on quite a few things. One, he's considering going on sabbatical again, based off of he's kinda got a schedule. Wanted him to run that past y'all. He showed it to the elders. We don't have any, like, huge objections to it, but want him to run it past y'all. Also, we we need to announce to the church, that the divorce is final. He's he was supposed to tell y'all about that. Not sure if you guys have have heard, but, yeah, the voice has been final for, shoot, almost four weeks probably. I think he moved out last weekend. So, yeah, I just wanna talk to you all about we were just gonna announce it at the member's meeting. Don't know if we need a whole another letter or anything, but, I wanted to get y'all feedback on that. Maybe, obviously, putting the meeting notes that we put out to everybody so it can be there. But, Yeah. Outside of that, yeah, just a couple other things we wanna follow-up with him about. We want to discuss with him just the accountability. Him and his, assistant, both are upstairs in the elder suite, and the elder suite has a door to it, and it's always locked. I talked to him about it, about putting a glass door up there, glass doors on both. He wasn't feeling that at all. You know, his thing was he just feel like being kinda micromanaged, which I told him you just got to sacrifice some stuff. Which I'm a put a camera up there too, He didn't want that because he said his kid's up there, and they gotta change diapers and just, you know, all those things. But he really wasn't really giving on any of those things. However, he did say she doesn't have to have her, office up there. Problem is we are a little locked for us, where we can move her, in general. So that would be a little bit of a difficulty unless we move, you know, one of the male folks upstairs, like a Jonathan again and all those, but I know he didn't want when, like, when Jonathan was up there. So just want you guys to, like, talk to him because we just can't I kinda pushed it off a little bit, but, you know, I I think it would be better coming from y'all about how he needs to somewhat submit to something when it comes to that. So, yeah, that's a conversation that needs to happen sooner than later. Also, just in general, like, rhythms, like, connecting with y'all for him, check ins with you all, with him that that are kinda known by the elders. Also greater accountability with the elders. We've kinda broken up into, like, board elders, like and the staff I'm sorry. Staff elders and lay elders because, you know, there's some conversations we need to have with the elders around. Even what you guys are kinda speaking to this too about, you know, financial support for him in the future, you know, salary, stuff like that that's coming into play because we have some additional expenses around helping him find someone to watch, the his son on Sundays while he's preaching. So, so just a number of things kinda in that area that wanna have give y'all kinda, like, a list of things to meet with him and to actually go over and talk through, and hearing hearing from other elders, who obviously are that he's submitted to, because some of those conversations be a little bit more difficult. Outside that, things have been going pretty well. You know, one other thing I talked to him about was, oh, that I really want you to talk to him about is, like, not adding anything new. I had a very frank and direct conversation with him about that. It's like death by a thousand cuts. Like, he's I felt I told him, I felt like you're overcompensating because you didn't want the church to feel the effects of, like, this divorce thing. Like, you hate you hate the fact that the church has to deal with this, and so you're overcompensating by adding more stuff. And we already in a situation where we got too much going on. And so so your staff is stretched. Everybody's stretched. People wanna limit. Like, most people are concerned about him and, like, how much he's still doing. Like, they need to see him chill and rest and, like, not, you know, not be adding, you know, a New Year's Eve service and, extending out for three, new service times. And he was trying to get us to do this whole prayer thing every Wednesday. And it's like, bro, you gotta stop. Like, you know, so he heard me, but I think you guys really need to let him know, like, hey, bro, like, you cannot add another thing. You do not need it because we're picking up we're gonna have to pick up we're already picking up more, and then he's adding more. Right? You know what I'm saying? And so I told him, like, our church loves you, and they wanna limit with you. They wanna they wanna heal with you, but you're just you know, you kinda are are coming up with ideas because you're a visionary, but you gotta know when to turn the mugs off. So, yep, those are kind of the things. Maybe give me your thoughts. So what you're thinking and, then let's get figure out if you could talk to them and then, like, really get on the docket on some time with him around these things.