Yo, brother, sorry to hear you weren't feeling well. And to be honest, bro, we could just voice memo back and forth, to be honest, if it makes it easier. Basically, just wanted to follow up with you all on catching up with Carlos on quite a few things. One, he's considering going on sabbatical again based off of he's kind of got a schedule, wanted him to run that past y'all. He showed it to the elders. We don't have any like huge objections to it, but want him to run it past y'all. Also, we need to announce to the church that the divorce is final. He was supposed to tell you about that. Not sure if you guys have heard. But yeah, the divorce has been final for shoot, almost four weeks, probably. I think he moved out last weekend. So, yeah, just want to talk to you all about. we were just going to announce it at the members meeting. Don't know if we need a whole nother letter or anything, but, uh, wanted to get y'all feedback on that. Um, maybe obviously putting the meeting notes that we put out to everybody so it can be there. But, uh, yeah, outside of that, um, yeah, just a couple other things we want to follow up with him about Um we want to discuss with him just the accountability Him and his assistant both are upstairs in that elder suite and the elder suite has a door to it and it always locked I talked to him about it, about putting a glass door up there, glass doors on both. He wasn't feeling that at all. you know, his thing was he just felt like being kind of micromanaged, which I told him, you're just going to have to sacrifice some stuff. We're talking about putting a camera up there too. He didn't want that because he said his kids up there and they got to change diapers and just, you know, all those things. But he really wasn't really giving on any of those things. However, he did say she doesn't have to have her office up there. Problem is we're a little locked for us where we can move her in general. So that would be a little bit of a difficulty unless we move, you know, one of the male folks upstairs, like a Jonathan again and all those, but I know he didn't want when, like when Jonathan was up there. So just want you guys to like talk to him because we just can't, I kind of pushed it off a little bit, but you know, I think it would be better coming from y'all about how he needs to somewhat submit to something when it comes to that. So yeah that a conversation that needs to happen sooner than later Um also um just in general like rhythms like connecting with y for him check with you all with him that, that are kind of known by the elders, uh, also greater accountability with the elders. We've kind of broken up into like board elders, like, and the staff, I'm sorry, staff elders and lay elders because, you know, there's some conversations we need to have with the elders around, even want you guys to kind of speak into this too about, you know, financial support for him in the future, um, you know, um, salary, stuff like that, that's coming into play. Cause we have some additional expenses around helping him find someone to watch, um, the, his son on Sundays while he's preaching. So, uh, so just a number of things kind of in that area that want to have give y'all kind of like a list of things to meet with him and actually go over and talk through um and hearing hearing from other elders um who obviously are that he's submitted to um because some of those conversations be a little bit more difficult outside that um things have been going pretty well um you know one other thing i talked to him about was oh that i really want y to talk to him about is like not adding anything new i had a very frank direct conversation with him about that It like death by a thousand cuts Like he I told him I feel like you overcompensating because you didn want the church to feel the effects of like this divorce thing. Like you hate, you hate the fact that the church has to deal with this. And so you're overcompensating by adding more stuff. And we already in a situation where we got too much going on. And so your staff is stretched, everybody's stretched. People want to lament. Like most people are concerned about him and like how much he's still doing like they need to see him chill and rest and like not you know not be adding you know a new year's eve service and uh extending out for three uh new service times and he was trying to get us to do this whole prayer thing every wednesday and it's like bro you gotta stop like you know so he heard me but i think you guys really need to let him know like hey bro like you cannot add another thing you do not need it because we're picking up, we're going to have to pick up, we're already picking up more. And then he's adding more, right? You know what I'm saying? And so I told him like, our church loves you and they want to lament with you. They want to, they want to heal with you, but you're just, you know, you kind of are coming up with ideas because you're a visionary, but you got to know when to turn the mugs off. So, yep. Those are kind of the things. Um, maybe give me your thoughts on what you're thinking. And, uh, then let's get, figure out if you could talk to them and then like really get on the docket on some time with him around these things.