Hey. As always, thank you so much for your audio messages, and I just adore the fact that, like, you're cool with that. Like, I prefer audio messages as well. I wanna hear a person's voice. It adds more context to what they're saying. So I appreciate it very much. It makes sense about that last audio. And it's funny because yesterday, I was like, man, I just like I I pour my heart out, and I'm not afraid to anymore. Like, it what used to be that I would pour my heart out in an audio message and then send it, and then I would, like, freak out afterwards and be like, oh, lord. What did I do? What did I do? I'm like, just more of me out there in this world for vulnerability. I just can't help but be vulnerable, and it's because I'm supposed to be. This is the way that the lord wants me to be. So I'll honor the lord in that way. And the more that I'm doing it, the less afraid. And now I'm just like, it's okay. Like, even if you were never to listen to it, that would've that would've been, like, such a sting for me before. It would because I'm, like, offering a part of my heart and my soul. And when somebody, like, doesn't take the time, to, like, even just listen to that, It, like, just says something about my worth or value to that person, and that has been something that has been challenging for me in my life. But God is just ever teaching me to only listen to his voice. I I like him, man. I'm not even upset about the trouble that I've been through because it was all good trouble. You know? In the end, I don't care about not one thing because I am set free. I have no religion on me. I have nothing else. I'm fully integrated with the lord Jesus Christ. And I love it. I've never been so at peace in my whole life. I am so excited for everything that god is doing. God has called me to intercede for you for sure. And I am so thankful that there are other people interceding for you because I know, what god is doing. At least he's giving me a peace to see. And what I see, yeah, Satan's gonna try to dismantle that at every turn. Don't let it because, you know, I I'm finding a place. It's like, I am yeah. Get behind me, Satan. I know your place. I love that power, and I love that understanding and that confidence that's over me now. You know, Satan's terrified of me now, and I'm not afraid of him not one bit. I'm excited. You are my soul brother. We were meant to sojourn together, and I am I'm thankful for this. Like, it's it's crazy. I have just been, like, having an outpouring of gratitude before the Lord. Everything that he does is good, and everything he's done in your life is good, and everything that he's done in my life is good. And he is he is bringing a powerhouse together. People that are called by his name and filled with his spirit to do the works of this hour and in this place. And he has chosen you. Don't ever forget it. I'm glad he chose you. You are the man that God was showing me. He was giving me sight for everybody. But when all of that fell out, that, like, confused the crap out of me because it made me think that, like, everything that I was intuiting it well, maybe I wasn't hearing from the Lord. You know? And but no. That no. That was just what needed to happen and that what you know, at that time for a lot of other reasons. And now I think we're all coming to this place, of greater clarity, which defeats the enemy. You know? We are meant to be working together, not to be confused, and in in division with one another. We are gonna be we are strong men, like all of us. What this place that god is building, and he's using many hands. But you're the guy, you know, that was built to carry, some very specific parts. And so there's gonna be a lot of people that God's gonna call, and I've been calling I've been actually praying that God would raise up more prayer warriors, for you and for everybody that's gonna be a part of what God is building here, because it it is profound. It is extravagant. We are going to just, like, be laid out, man. I'm so excited, and that's pretty much what I was saying in that last message. In regards to Jess, like, the last meeting that we had, pastor Curtis, it did the last, the last of the work that needed to happen with, any angst that was still in my spirit with Jess. So now I just fully understand that Jess is in the clear for me. Okay? I do think that it would be beneficial just in a casual sort of conversational way, to discuss some of the things that we were just we were talking about before just so that we can move away from this experience, all three of us, in agreement and in unity, and what we're gonna guard against the next time around. And then we can just continue to build each other up in what we now know about one another, but about what we know, that God is capable of doing in all of our lives. So it's a very exciting thing. So that's all I feel is just I I wanna release Jess from whatever I was putting on her, and, and then, you know, just move on from there. I am so grateful, and I will stay up every night if that's what it requires, if that's the part that god has me in in in this thing that he's doing. Yeah. Because it is amazing, and I'll do whatever he wants. And if he wants me to have a back seat, I'll take a back seat because his glory is about to fall, and we are gonna witness it. So you keep up that work, Curtis. I'm telling you. It's here. It's the real deal, and there's a re reason why Satan's pressing you. You tell him, get behind me. He doesn't belong anywhere near you. You are God's man for this hour. I'm excited because there's a lot of people for this hour, and I'm really glad though that he brought me here so that I can stand with all of you because you guys are just beautiful. You know? God was giving me such a vision of your beauty. You know, the beauty of the staff, the beauty of the people, and and the beauty of the spirit in in Garden City. And I'm just forever in. You know? I'm in for what God is doing. He is it's gonna be the upper room, man. He is who he says he is. We can do what he says we can do. And he's gonna about to unlock us, and I'm in. So I will, like, in, stay up all night, every night if that's what it requires because god is my sustenance, and he will give me new energy. This is what he did over the last, like, nine, ten months, you know? Like, he just get I fasted so much, but I had supernatural energy. It's like god is doing a new thing, and, like, I'm excited, and I wanna help others to get into this, you know? That's a part of the role that I have. I'm supposed to really fan that flame for others and then intercede and pray, into, reality, what god has given. The the piece the pieces that he's given me to pray into, into reality. And so that's what I have been doing, but, like, I'm excited. You're it god is good, and and you're the guy, and I love it. I love you, pastor Karish. You're god is awesome in you, dude. Let's do this thing. Let's line up line up the city. The Metro East is about to experience something that we've all been praying for, and nobody is gonna be real ready for it, except for the people that are supposed to be ready, and that's gonna be us. So whoop whoop whoop whoop whoop whoop whoop. Let's go.