I had a thought that I wanted to share real quick. When Jess took over the youth group, that was previously under the care of Natalie, She was doing interviews of all of the volunteers that were already in place over there in the department so that she could get to know everybody and just hear their their thoughts and whatever and see where she was what what role that she was gonna kinda put them in. And I shared with her a story of one of the foundational building blocks of relationship that God taught me through a child. And his name was Avery. And the thing that Avery taught me that I've been applying ever since, you know, and this is a long time ago. This is back in 2004. What he taught me was that love is the only thing that is required. You know? I didn't do anything different than any other teacher, but because I loved him the moment he came into my room, he was changed. That's what was strange to me. You know? There's a whole story there, but, I'll share some other day. But this is this is the same for you, and this is why it's so important, and God wants to place emphasis on. He's the one that's doing it. All he wants is a pliable vessel. Someone that is moldable, that is willing, you know, to surrender their own agenda for his. That's what you've done, and that's what you're doing. And, you know, pastor Curtis, you aren't doing it perfectly, and I'm glad you're not because God is moving in that. Okay? You kept showing up with me, and that's that's what had to happen. You had to get it wrong. Think about that for just a second, Pastor Curtis. If you're so worried about like whatever it is you're worried about specifically because I'm not gonna try to overthink, you know, some of the the things that plague or torment you that Satan's throwing your way. Because I know that that's that's a part of it. You're being tormented somewhere likely likely and you could correct me on that. But, this is a part of of that. That keeps us up at night. You know? What Satan's pressing up against us with that needs to be dislodged is that who cares if you mess up? Because maybe your mess up was supposed to it was supposed to happen. K? God did it through you. If God didn't want you to do it, he would've stopped you. He wanted you to do it. So you did his will in your error. Okay? Like, that's the coolest thing that god is showing me is that this is why y'all need to all chill. I'm doing the job. All I ask for you guys was to show up and love. Okay? Love me first. Get your priority straight. Get my agenda first and foremost. Throw yours out the window. And then and then love everybody. Come together in unity because it's like that's why I'm so obsessed with the thought of a Care Bear because, each Care Bear has its own power and they're all amazing, but they're not enough. They're not we weren't we weren't it was never gonna be enough. And that's why he's bringing a bunch of people together. And I'm really glad to be, you know, anywhere in proximity to what god is doing. You know? I'm glad that I get to be a part of it and that you guys are my family, you know, and that you're my soul brother and all that jazz. But keep that in mind. Love. Love. Love. That's all. Just show up in love, and it doesn't matter. Nothing else matters. It will all come into alignment perfectly. Mess up, please. I'll get it right and get back up. And and then and go to reconcile it first with Christ and then with the anyone else that might, need to be touched by, you know, like, an apology or whatever or, like, clarification, whatever. But, yeah, all that jazz. Anyways, I don't wanna keep you at all, but it's so you you know, you can listen to the audio messages at will, whatever. But it's a thought that I felt like I needed to share with you, all of a sudden. So I did. Anyways. Okay. Thanks. I I hope you're having an amazing night. I'm continuing to pray for you guys. God has, so many things in store for you and Shelly and the boys, and I'm praying those all end too. Love you guys tremendously. Okay. Have a great night.