Etcetera. So that's who we want to be. Those tiers of our time and energies, and this is one of the ways that we do that. So, again, thank you for leaning in. Lest you forgot this was Advent. Yeah. Mhmm. Mhmm. So I can just be there for inspiration as we're talking about it. What we're gonna do here is we're gonna take a second to just review the vision of Advent, make sure we are all steeped back into it. Hopefully, you took a second to do that as you were thinking about your own reflection and your own notes. And then we're gonna frame the discussion around, the table that I gave you, so alignment and planning, communication, and all these things. And I'm just gonna encourage you all to sort of popcorn. Thank you to all of those that you were able to send me your notes in advance. That'll give us some elements of, like, where to start from. But by and large, we'll just sort of popcorn through each of those sections. I've got Melissa's notes here, or I know, Natalie, you probably have them open too and kind of speak for some of those pieces. And then Jess has offered to take some studious notes for us, so thank you for that. And I once those are all together and synthesized and cleaned up, I will send those out for everybody's viewing pleasure. As we talk through that table, I encourage you to talk about the elements that you were personally responsible for. You're also welcome to speak into other things that you just saw or observed or heard or something. I don't want you to feel limited. I feel like all the notes I got from people, y'all were so gracious to, like, talk about your element. But I really want us to think about the confusion and the ways that we are invited to think collaboratively, across all of the different elements of Advent. And then, as we're closing, we will talk about, if there is anything to take out of this as it pertains to Sabbath. Every once in a while, you know, being curious and thoughtful about how we're engaging the life of our church in these bigger initiatives, like, brings up things, and it's not too late if there's something we need to pivot before Sunday. Beyond that, like I said, I'll just send out the notes for your reflection for next year. We'll file them away, and then we'll feel like magical geniuses next September when we pull it out and we re remind ourselves what I've done was like this year. Any questions about what we are attempting to do here Okay. In our time? Okay. Excellent. Well, then without further ado, I encourage you to pull up your notes here as I just sort of reremind us where we were in Advent. So it was our first Christmas together, and that's where our story begins. We were anchored in the fact that Jesus is the author and perfector of our faith, and the core message is that god is still writing the story of redemption. We are invited to be part of it together, and our first Christmas is Garden City. It's not just a new name. It's a new chapter in God's ongoing story. Every person, family, and moment belongs in our story. We saw that through lots of creative elements. So excited to look at each of those. Our guiding idea was that Jesus weaves our individual stories into one flourishing narrative. So we had some desired outcomes. I'll jump ahead to those. We are hoping that people would recognize that they are part of God's story and feel renewed in hope and belonging, that the church family feels more connected across generations and ministry. So that was where we were looking at a lot of collaborative elements. The guests would experience the season as warm, meaningful, and beautifully simple, and that all of our creative and logistical elements would feel cohesive and sustainable and warm and soft skin. So those were our desired outcomes. We kinda wanna put those before us as we are thinking about our performance. Alright. And we're gonna literally just take these one at a time, and this is where that popcorning happens. So as you have things you wanna contribute and add and amen and yes and disagree, we'll do that here. So our first category was alignment with the Advent twenty twenty five vision, similar to what I just shared with us again. How well did the elements, here across the top reflect and reinforce our vision for Advent twenty twenty five at Garden City? What opportunities are there for better alignment with the vision in the future? Every word. As fast as possible. It's very close. Because I know you have a lot that's been sent to you. Yes. I would say general theme, action items, something that we all kind of sit with for a minute, but you're right. Otherwise, I have everybody send it as a winner. Yeah. Thank you. That's great clarification. And then I what are those people? The stunning? Court reporters? Yeah. Yeah. I want to make everything on over. We need to make money. The money they make they just they make bank. Are we going on vibes or Yeah. Largely large than that. Tell us what vibe you feel. Following your heart. At any given moment. Vlogies only. Literally. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. As long as I do not get asked to take notes again. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. One tier. Well, I'll kick this off with some of my own thoughts, and then I will bring in past Melissa. I'll volunteer her to go first because I gotta read her part. So under decor and communications, things like that, I thought that the alignment as we moved through this was so beautiful. I thought that there were so many elements, that were very distinct, but then had a place within the whole story. I was just super encouraged that, not only could each of you lead out with such creativity, but that you were also, differential to one another to make sure that it fit within the scope. So every piece of that just felt so beautiful. I know we've talked about that some already, but there was beautiful creativity and leadership in each of the elements. I personally love getting to tie everything together with the branding, and it was so cool in the timing of the new website that that really got to be where things could land and sit all together. And I thought it came together really beautifully. It was fun to watch people discover the website through Advent or Advent through the website, and so that felt like a really neat, just opportunity we got this year. Similarly, under the storyteller and the family story, those stories were the proteins, and I did not I don't I don't know that I had an expectation of, like, how people would engage with them. I'm talking specifically about the story cards, and it was just wild. And so I've sat with them repeatedly. They are in my office. I am sad to put them in a box until next year. It just felt like such a beautiful interactive opportunity for people to share where they are right now. I'm excited for people to be able to come back and write something new for next year and some already thinking about how we have these filed in and we can build on it. So that element, I just love. And it was all because of people being willing to show up with some vulnerability and engage that way. Under alignment, pastor Melissa wrote for care and prayer and prayer and care. This element reflected our Advent twenty twenty five vision well by creating space for prayer, reflection, and encountering that. The candle lighting tied naturally to beams of light and hope. Moving forward, there's room to be more intentional about how we clearly connect this moment to the broader Advent story each week. That's it. You know, for the storyteller, you know, I put this here. Rich made a note on this too. I know. But I just put it like, I think this is a huge success with the alignment to the vision. I think similar to the family story, it was something that just brought this continuity throughout the whole series and connected people, in a real way. So and also that to me, when we looked at the theme just, you know, communicating a story, it was so such an anchoring thing that it's like, of course, like, if our theme is a story, then we need somebody to read a story. Yeah. So just really awesome alignment with the storyteller. It even played out more beautifully than, like, even in the beginning when you said, like, the vision is like, okay. Yeah. But, like, actually seeing it Yeah. Was, yeah, such an amazing thing. Yeah. I'd echo that. Obviously, my big box of sermons, I'll collect the content of the storyteller. Yeah. All this is from its content standpoint. So that's what I would do in the heavy lifting, I think. And as far as alignment, I would say, very solidly, especially because, like, for those of us who were in the room in the very beginning, we started with a very large kind of story framework, recognizing we can't fully do that yet. But yet, how can we do something that's just accessible, but yet has this, sense of whimsical narrative, engaging? And, starting off, felt like, I think they can, but who knows? So we're swinging, but I've on this side, I was like, oh, no. We I I feel like it is the content. We were able to, really string along the things and the feeling, that we were hoping. Right? I just think, but also connected to the decor, and the con that's connected to kind of the story that I, that I wrote for for Jeff to communicate. And then and then was able to really bring that along with each sermon, and and it was very clear on I went about the sermons in a unique way than I usually do even probably most of the prepare was just a much more formulaic and so that we don't lose elements. And I felt like at the end of it, all the elements were tied together. But Abbott has so many different levels, that, they were tied together, but it was there's just a I mean, just a lot all the time. So so something I feel like so many levels, something I missed out, like, maybe just maybe, like, the the the theme not the theme, but, I guess, a what I would say, a exegetical large framework of what hope is versus what the story is versus what we mean by it. In and I store a garden city. And so those are the big words I'm saying. I'm I'm carrying a lot of stars thinking around how to carry content along Yeah. And don't lose it all yet. Yeah. So I felt like we walked the line, but I also felt like there's a lot of heavy lifting. My my brain was tired by the end. Yeah. And I'm not sure who is we're not able to carry all that content at the same time. Right. So next year, I'll obviously look to simplify. Yeah. But, yeah, don't do nothing different. So I don't know how to do that. Yeah. Because you're because I was like, simplify, but don't change that. I don't know. So Are you saying it's because of our the heavy lifting of the game Yeah. We lost some of the theology anchor? I would say I don't wanna say lost. I would say were shy on. Yes. I would say we came at the themes. Yes. When you walk typically, when you walk to the Abbey themes, they have a capital letter, pretty much title of the sermon. Yeah. We would say that was the essence of the sermon without without the capital letter expression of it. Yes. That's a great one. So do you think there's a loss in how potent it can be the way we did it? It was inferred. It was implicit versus, aggressively explicit. Yeah. That makes sense. Yeah. Okay. Well and it feels like, strengths and weaknesses thing. We would not want to always do that. Yeah. Also, it was good and right. I understand. Okay. Like, I enjoyed it. I was like, this this is my preference. Yes. Because it gets a life to the other thing, which can get more every year. Yeah. So I feel like, I love this, but I still feel like Yeah. Yeah. How did how does it how was that experience? Yeah. Okay. Well, that speaks to Melissa's comment too of how we tie candles and things like that to the specific advent like, the broader advent themes. Yeah. I wonder if that's what she meant by the way if that's interesting. Mhmm. Okay. It's great. That puts language to something I was feel it didn't feel bad, but it's something I was feeling. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. That's helpful. Okay. How about with family, hospitality? Anything else with prayer and care? The the cards that we did. They looked good, but I don't think that people, took any. I think we still have all that was placed on the tree. Yeah. So I love the idea of someone being able to take something with them, and I think we could do for next year as well. But it and there was a sign. They're letting people know, hey. Please take one of these. But I think people did not take one Right. The two. Okay. And with their, the candles, I just think it was, you know, just a beautiful moment of reflection for people to be able to get up and light candles. I think the first Sunday I wasn't in the auditorium, the second Sunday I was, and I was just surprised at how much movement there was where people were Yep. Getting out and getting up. You're feeling and how many people did it before service, which I never watched people, like, engage that way before service. Oh, it would be good. Exactly. It's kinda how you would like people to engage for prayer Yeah. After the service where you see people moving around to go to a prayer team member. Yeah. So there was just a lot of movement, which was just really beautiful. I think that we should definitely do the candles again. We just have to think of a better cover because because that wax getting on the table. Oh, yeah. Made a big old mess. Oh, so funny. Okay. Well, that was one of the things too we've seen with our congregation. Sometimes they'll stick around, but, otherwise, service is over and people kind of bolt. And people would wait in line to light candles almost every single week, and that was incredible to me that, like, oh, they they're waiting for this opportunity to engage in this way. Absolutely. Yeah. This that's very good. Wax problems. You got it. And those are the silly things just as we continue to move through this. We will not remember next year. We think we will. But, like, those kinds of details, so continue to bring even things like that that are just a quick note that we can add to our list. Yep. Like, I servers and wax. Like, instead of canceling off. But I I I would echo that. I just think for if you ask me right now, I can tell you next year. I I think those that like, the individual gave me the rock and roll should remain every day. Oh, it's so good. You know, because the lighting of the abbot candle is tradition, and there's nothing wrong with the individuals. Avid being given to each individual Yeah. And experience, and and that really wasn't transportation of that. So Yeah. We have to have it every year until It's traditional, and it can be our tradition. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Until I change my mind in three weeks. This admin is moving. Tell me I said Welcome to the barter. Welcome to the barter. I didn't say that to Jamie. I know. I'm like, yep. Consistent and reliably consistent. Ashley, I'm okay. Y'all know. I'm being. Alright. Anything, alignment and guest or team hospitality? You know, for one team, I, you know, I think we were aligned as far as the one team experience going welcome, warmth, and joy as the team is coming together to serve. Probably one of my favorite times with one team is the meal sharing on Christmas Eve. For real. It's like there's just no Yeah. And it always is. There's something about that. And notes I'm gonna put this in here. I mean, but that doesn't seem to take me. One note is, like, when we do the decking of the hall is to change the meal the lunch to upstairs in the Worship Arts Room Yes. So that it kinda can it it gets gathering place with people coming and going. Nobody knew it was going on. I know. I think it could have elements of how Christmas Eve felt if it was kinda set apart. And so Yeah. I think that is that's one thing. Yep. Also similar to, like, one team having a connection, you know, having an ornament that was special, like, a gift just for them. Moving that, add in a piece of connection, set apart. Yeah. Yeah. There's more things that I haven't got one seen in other categories. Sure. Sure. Yeah. That's great. Yeah. There was something really I mean, we talk about one team being our folks who are most, like, invested in this story, and so it did feel so honoring to be able to celebrate them that way and have this gift and all that. I was surprised by how impactful it felt to be able to walk them all that way. Good job, Akka. Cool. Okay. Well, we can bounce back as needed. But for the sake of time, let's keep us moving here. Mhmm. Planning and execution. How effective and smooth was our preparation? Organization, and delivery of each of the elements. Did we have any expectations that were not met, and what surprised us? Yeah. Yeah. So many cameras. Yeah. They were opening boxes. Yeah. Yeah. But testimonials, we have everything we need. That was amazing. Well It's a good word, man. And a good note just to have for your own records or you can submit once you see these notes come out is where we are stocked now so that we know prior to next year so we're not surprised by do or don't have it, especially if it's an element that we know we wanna run back or Yeah. We think we wanna run back. Yeah. I'm sure. Unless it changes in. Yeah. Exactly. Melissa said similarly, execution went really well. One thing I learned is that next time I'll need to assign volunteers specifically to stand at the candle tables rather than using their team members. Okay. That'll help everyone stay in their lanes and make the experience smoother, which totally true. Yeah. Yeah. It was hard. I think I think see the impact of that, but Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Both monitoring fire and praying holy spirit led. You're right. I'm sorry. I watched You're not right. Deep conflict, like, the one that said it that way. Yeah. That is a that is a that's a thing. Yeah. Oh. I feel like there were several weeks just because our team just, like, intuitively jumped in and they said, oh, that's so funny. But just being more central than that, I think, of service. Yeah. We said our prayer team as well. Everybody was upstairs, I think, before. Gosh. That Sunday off at the table and marriage folders, and children are clanging out from under tables that have lit candles on them. And I'm texting people because there's still people lighting candles. I was like, what are we doing? This might be my most frazzled advent moment. And then Kayla was like, no. We're blowing them out. I was like, yeah, girl. Yeah. We are. Yeah. Yeah. That's so funny. It was a funny one. That's so funny. I don't know. I think it was, like, the first or second. We we Yeah. That would that would have been yeah. That would have been nothing. When there weren't, like The second week second week Advent. Ask Michael. Yes. Yeah. And the prayer teams, bless them, didn't know what to do because people were still writing. Like, people were in it, and the children were a muck. And I was like, oh, whoo hoo. That's okay. It was fun. This solid note. Bloody. See, these debriefs are good too for a little therapeutic Yeah. Really even learn what you need to do. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For me, personally, this is one of my first cracks at getting to project manage in a different way for our services and, seasons and such, and I just loved it. I felt like it was super learning experience for me, learning how to set us up for alignment and then give you the freedom to run and then being super clear in what those expectations are and how to keep us wrangled and free. And as you've experienced through that and then now through Sabbath, still just practicing. But it was super, super fun, super life giving for me. So just personally, I liked that process. Largely empowered by Curtis' vision and felt pretty smooth. I'm gonna hear, I'm like, I think it helped that we had Jeff in this role. And as I was thinking, even for the future opportunities, like, if we would have such an anchoring Yeah. Like, consistent voice that it'd be someone that is familiar with our staging and transition. Yeah. Yeah. I think that added an element of Yes. Like, we all could experience Yes. These because it was Jeff Yes. For real. Like, there may have been a lot more preparation needed if there was somebody not familiar with stage presence and that sort of thing. Oh, yeah. So Yeah. You know, I kinda know there, like, Jeff, not only was it Jeff Yeah. But also, I think his experience benefited us Yeah. Being a role like this. That was so We ran into a lot of we ran into quite a few of the different Sundays where either Amanda wasn't available or was gonna be in youth, or, like, something happened in a transition moment in service, and I got pulled to do something else and check on something else. Help. And so if we would've had somebody that we were needing the whole day, she would they wouldn't have had a hand held. Yeah. Which is a good note that we could move to somebody that needs a handhold, and that means we need to have a person on them. Yeah. Yeah. It's real. Yeah. As simple as it is. Yes. And I put That needs to be guided. I don't know how that all plays out, but, like, I think it worked well to have you and Mike service the Sunday point percent for, you know, consistency there. Yeah. Yeah. And just knowing all of the logistics and Oh, it worked it worked out. It just was it was just even, like, he would show up, and he was asking me for scripting. And then I was like, you have to wait for a minute for that and, like, this and that. That if it was somebody who wasn't Jeff Yeah. As we were saying that to you. That was good. Yep. Yeah. Good note. I didn't think about that. Mhmm. But good note. And the debrief lens, if it's if it's not Jeff, we gotta hold we gotta hold their hand. Yeah. And he just even knew how to respond to, like, those unexpected mic things that are gonna happen. Like, you know, he just knew Had to be sure. Okay. Stop. Mhmm. Start over. Like Mhmm. You know? So there's things that I was like, yeah. It benefits us to have someone that's just a little bit more of a sudden that Today's. And then we found out that his mic was broken. Hey. We learned all kinds of stuff. Mhmm. Which is probably just my phone had sounded you, please. Mhmm. So you know, it was broken. What? It was completely broken. Planning and execution Yeah. For, the the big door piece with planning and execution. I loved how you brought the vision board. That was really, really helpful in, you know, kind of taking getting more of different spaces and And then, as far as organization and delivery of decorating. Like, Natalie and I have talked about next year and going forward, maybe having more of a simplified, template of, like, which trees, where to put the trees, and our main focus from year to year being the, photo spots. You know? Like, where that would, like, really be our theme. But then each year, the the flavors kind of look and feel more of the same. Mhmm. And I like that idea because it, it it does feel a lot, especially when you have volunteers coming in to decorate. It gets away from you real quick Mhmm. Of what goes there and what to do. You know? So Yeah. So that felt good. We will be working, with Valerie in the coming months to that'll organize our business for real? Yes. So she has taken on parts of the basement. Yes. Had had she been down there already? Oh, She did it. Yes. Street lights. Yeah. Yes. I do remember that. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Actually. Yeah. Like, Yeah. I remember that. Yeah. Definitely not the other side. Yeah. No. Yeah. But she's gonna come in and help. I'm hoping to have decorations organized by one color Mhmm. So that when we That should get it. With a different feel and we know that we're gonna need the wine ring this year, but we can, you know, like Yeah. We can pick and choose from our colors we already have. And I I love the the trees being in the seating areas. I I love how our, you know, how our setup is and it feeling like miniature living rooms everywhere. Yep. Like, I I do really like how that's about. Yeah. Yeah. Mhmm. Because that season is so chaotic as we've already covered that mess with dates, what would have been something to is it like a one extra powwow from me, you, and Natalie? Or do we have a Slack channel even then? No. That's something we added for Sabbath season. Which So Yeah. We add a Slack channel. Because we look so it's just extra eyes because we're all moving, and we all have and, obviously, we went into the middle of middle of the series. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, okay, we we bounced back through it, but I'm just actively thinking through what could have I Yeah. Done. But To close that with Yeah. In the beginning of the process. Yeah. Well, no. And that's a good note. So we were on a weird short timeline, and there was confusion around the timeline. Yep. So because I remember that. We were talking about, is it the thirtieth or not? And so we yep. Oh, yes. That part of it too. But even the planning timeline, we're on a weird timeline where the hope was that we had already planned things, but we came and discussed things so that we were kind of backed by a step. And then I hadn't done budget stuff early enough that people knew how to run. So both of those need to be adjusted too, which would help close that gap. Start earlier. Yeah. Yeah. Which is so tricky because we started October 30, and it's hard to start a lot sooner Yeah. Because what else we bump into. So, yeah, next year, we'll need to think through. I almost felt like we were just, like, missing one or two. That's Yeah. That's all I I kinda have that. Like, it's I don't even think it's big. Like, one more meeting. Yeah. We need A meeting in the Slack channel. Yeah. But So we put in with ideas Yep. Discuss, and then we Yep. Execution. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. So Coco and Carol's could have done what it did, but we needed it back a week and a half, and then we needed a and now we've made our decision meeting. Okay. Yep. Yep. That makes sense. That's good. That's true. Yep. That's good. That's good right there. Did you get that order? I Yeah. I said, feel like we're missing on our meeting between ideas to confirm it already. Yeah. So Yeah. I postponed Carol's it's like idea sharing. Yep. Yep. And then It feels good. One more. It also just gives us all confidence to actually run. Yeah. We're all synced up with each other. Yeah. Because if we There you go. Make a complaint, like, I I saw and we all talked about that. It was like, I had missed that it was written. Hey. You're supposed to you're supposed to be, like, already moving. You couldn't disconnect. Yeah. And when I missed that, I was like, oh, shoot. Well, I'm not moving. Yeah. Because I thought I was coming to verify that we're all on the same page. Yeah. And that what I'm bringing in my vision board is good and doesn't mess up anybody else. And, you know, that day we talked about fireplaces and things like that and whatnot. And so, yeah, having that as a close point before then run. Yeah. Yeah. Well, those could even be close together. So we could do It really can. Yeah. Of the vision, and then one week later Yeah. A 100%. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's the hands in the middle. One, two, three, go. Yeah. Because that would give you enough time to sit with it, research, and dream. Yep. There you go. So much time that we're running out of time on. Yeah. Because it wasn't even a whole lot. It's just, we good. We we look at we all look at the same paper. We all in agreement. Okay. We're good. We needed to sync up our ideas. Yep. That's what it was. It was just that locus. Collaborate, and they all fit together. Yeah. Yeah. Like, we we need that extra Yep. Yep. Okay. That makes sense to me. You're all looking at each other going, yeah. We're good. Yeah. Alright. Let's run. Good. Yeah. Well, and we saw that with Sabbath too and probably could benefit from a similar model. Because we did a good job wrestling that down, but it took us a long time, and there were pieces there that it could've gone sideways had we not been able to figure it out in that moment. Oh, you're right. So even a, hey. I'm thinking about this for tables, but it's not locked in and it's not four days away. Like Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. Here's my obvious example, but, like Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I like that. Well, that's don't miss that I think the Slack channel is great. Huge. Huge. Huge. Huge. Okay. Good. Yeah. And I think to just a name, you know, adding this, I think, is wise too. And, like, the more we practice this Yep. The same rhythm The same rhythm. Yeah. Of, like, that I think it's worth noting that practice will help that. Yeah. Sounds like a crack at you. It really is. Yeah. Yeah. Like, it broke into Like, it like, it's like, it's like, it's like, the Sabbath even felt like, oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. There's always no one things for him. Oh, 100%. That's why we should be in how much we killed it. Yeah. No. It's just in guys. Oh, look. We just honestly. Just knowing what Like, we really do Yeah. Knowing how well it would what this meeting is, what this meeting is, what this meeting is, and Yeah. Fully sent. Yeah. Yeah. Like Yeah. Is it now at the point where everyone on staff is a part of that, or it ought be. I think they should be a full staff even if somebody's not hearing. Like, if one of our Yeah. Cannot hold it to the right I 100% agree. For you. Yep. Yep. We're just locked in Yep. For the Which I think it is right. We have And out But it wouldn't be Pam. So the reason why we had with Pam is just because this transition season, but we would for sure Like, naturally, I'd go to Like, when we do Easter, yeah, we'll be there. Yeah. Yep. No. We're good. We're walking around. Full staff. Yep. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. That's good. Yep. Yeah. No. That's good for me. Because I end up having about 20 different packets of paper, so I'll be forgetting what I'm looking at. Mhmm. So Yeah. Just making sure we're all No. For real, I was like, I was looking at two the whole time, and I realized, wait a minute. They don't agree. They don't match. If if digital Yes. Versions of things Yes. Can live better edited then because I think I just kept working off the 100%. Ran out where you have 100%. That's what it was. Yeah. That's why I feel like the Slack channel was like, alright. I should've done some so everyone can say, okay. This ain't right or something. You know? This is an excellent plug for if what if you are not currently we need everyone migrating into Google Docs and Google things that when you put a link to a doc, you're also seeing live updates. Oh, that's good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. It's another little plug. I'm gonna No. For sure. Down pretty quickly. She's I'm not looking at you now. No. For sure, though. That's real. That's good. That's good. Documents are wonderful. Not for sure, though. That's really that's really good. I think documents are wonderful. They have to be. She already looked at me a lot yesterday. Not a lot. Just a little. Well so that is what they Google Docs brings. YouTube does. Live all day. Yeah. Right in front of Was that happening to? Oh, yeah. Like, it's really that's why they're that's why it's all over the document on the Internet. Yep. I literally I didn't even honestly think about the format of it because when I downloaded it from, planning center yesterday, they just, like, downloaded it in that form. Yes. So I just, like, oh, perfect. Saved it. Sent it. And then then for after I sent it, I was like, oh, I think that's in something. But we all use Macs. Right? So then I was like, no. Nope. And Mike Mike and Pam were the ones that were like, I can't see it. We're gonna do it. It's good. It's good. Let me ask hang on one second. We gotta keep moving, friends. You're right. Let me ask a couple more questions about setup day, deck the halls. Because I that day was fast. Did we like it? Last year, we had the staff pull everything up, and we spent a staff meeting time, like, prepping before deck the halls day. Mhmm. This time, we did it all volunteer. I'm just curious about how some of those elements that, and what we preferred and if we have class for next year. I enjoyed it. So I love seeing our church people engaged. So it's church pulling it up, church doing it all? Yes. As opposed to I I enjoyed it. Felt like a I would use was being had Yeah. Yeah. Across the building. Yep. I loved my team not doing it on that day, so I would probably Yeah. Oh, yeah. Note. Please. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. But to whatever degree we can give give away, we can. Be in the auditorium. Yep. Was that your felt experience leading that? That was my like, I just got to enjoy. Okay. Great. Yeah. So say that. Let's hear it. I feel really, stressed out by just all the just, like, extra people because, during the time, like, I felt like this might look too cool, actually. Mhmm. It's That's real. To write up. Mhmm. Because there was just, like, no really to, like, thinking it out ahead of time. Now I could have been more, somewhat more organized as far as, like, which boxes and stuff were going up. Mhmm. And I think that could be fixed by the the basement being organized. Yeah. So there was, like, a few things there that was affecting it. Do we take pictures of the trees in here? We don't need your stuff. I don't know if we have this one. I think I sent Kaya around to all of them. I'll double check. Oh, okay. So that was it was like and I think I talked to Jess about it. Like, there's there's a tension of I need all these hands. Yep. Yep. Yep. You know what? I cannot do it by myself. And, also, it felt like it was getting away from me. Yeah. Herding cats. Yeah. No. There's a you know? Yeah. And then I totally get it. I do. And I'm like, I don't know, and I can't be in all the places. Yep. So Yep. No. No. That's true. That's true. It was just too much for you To be there. To oversee Down. Yep. Yeah. I think so. Run-in between the two foyers. I felt like I just saw you sprinting. Yeah. That has to be divvied out. Mhmm. Yeah. So in that moment, I was thinking that something that could help would be getting key people in ahead of time. You know? Like Mhmm. People that are good at decorating. Mhmm. Yep. You know? Yep. Kayla and, you know, Valerie is one. You know? Like, having them I almost wonder if they could be part of one of our planning meetings. Mhmm. Like, to see, okay, a vision, what we're trying to get to, and then they could be brought into the Woo. And organizing part Mhmm. So that we have confident leaders in different spaces. Yeah. That's fun. Interesting. Yeah. That is. And all of that would fall I mean, if we kept all the same responsibilities, all of that would fall under however you wanted to orchestrate it. I just wanna make sure we capture, like, all of our ideas right now. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I love all of that. That should be cool. Look. With all of our leaders. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good buy. You can give That's a good buy just You can give that away to them. Yeah. And that their and their people like you said, like Valerie, like Kayla, who will feel very comfortable going into the basement and just getting Yep. For real. They need to not be timid. Yep. Right? And so if they're already equipped, if there's any way for them to to Meta. Get vision and feel I actually Then they'll run for you in a way that that you I actually love it. Yeah. Drink coffee and and make sure that things are happening. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That would be great. We're Like we mentioned too, a thought could be, like, we it kinda had talked about is that you have these key areas in in the building that are for creative admin elements that get the most bang for our buck. Like, people love photo ops. So, like, if there's a few creative people that you can give owner creative area that really brings a lot of like bang for your buck. And then think about how do you set up a more general Christmas, like a Christmas tree display or something that you could easily give to a lot of people. Just hands that are willing to help. Yeah. But they don't need to to a lot of people. Just hands that are willing to help. Yeah. But they don't need to be gifted in in There you go. Necessarily design or something. Yes. That that could be a way to do it too. And even if your higher capacity, like, leaders are in the foyers doing the photo ops, they're right there to answer questions and Yeah. No trees and, like That is true. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Can I add one note? It happens every year. To set out a part for something that has tape and scissors and stuff on it so we don't have to go wait everybody's size. Mhmm. Oh, okay. I was asking a lot for That's a good idea. That's a good idea. You know? Crafting cart. Yes. We'll do a crafting cart. Let's decorate it. Mhmm. Alright. Decorate it. I did I did have a cart with some of, like, not all of the things, but some of the things. I really actually thought about that thing. It, like It just decorated. It was like Whoosh. Yeah. I completely forgot. That we did. Was to tell somebody to go get it. I'm sorry. She said that. Seriously. But it's really I just knew I remember the person I talked to stopped and asked for a pair of scissors. I was like, hang on. I don't know where this is. I'm wearing something out. So definitely Yeah. Yeah. I think we'd be Well, and if we moved lunch upstairs and could actually huddle everyone, I think that would serve. Oh, that's true. We just actually, that's yeah. Before we gave them good instructions because we were sending them, which was fine, but nobody, like it was a weird one. People, like, trickled out. So then if you gave your instructions as soon as your group came with you, like, half of them were still in eating pizza. So I know at least half the people did not hear your instructions in your area. That's right. And I know that because of the questions they asked me. So We had a decent amount of the church that was not helping Eat pizza. Yes. Yes. Although there was there was quite a few volunteers who didn't eat. I know. I know. I know. I know. Laugh. Because Oh, I know. The numbers just it was a lot of you. You know, I was like, oh, we got a we got a great turnout there. Out the e stores with pizza. And I was like, let's take the whole I'm standing right there. That's so clear. Are you here to help decorate? Mhmm. Great. Here's your pizza. That is so funny. Yeah. Portia Portia. That is that book. Oh, yeah. It was so funny. Funny. I know. Be blessed. Enjoy a pizza. Okay. That's great. That was one of the ones that I wanted to make sure we had good notes on because every year, we look at each other and say, what did we do? How did we do that? What do we like? So thank you for, leaning in in that space. Let's move on to communication, and resourcing. How clear and adequate were the messaging and tools? Did people know what was going on? One of the driving questions of my career. Back on the planning and execution, the only thing that I had was that I'm a figure out how to do book versions of everything. Trees, put crosses. You know I love that. I was like, this is the best thing ever. I did too. So did I. I told you. I was like, don't break it down. I we need this. Because, like, for January 4 I went in my office. It did. Me too. I was like, oh my gosh. I'm so happy. January 4, I took all the garland and myself of them because I was like, it's not Christmas, but Mhmm. Not taking it down yet. Yeah. We will have a book theme somehow in every epic. So it'll be awesome. Like, even if it doesn't fit I know. I'm a figure it out. So So I was I was just happy that with how big our stage is that it works to have a small fit. I would be incredible. Oh, so Set the tone. I have to remind myself of that for this feature. Yeah. Because I've I've if you guys I mean, nobody else was here, but that night when we were decorating, I you guys stopped by for a little bit. I I was not enjoying myself at all. The entire time, I was just annoyed because I was like, I can't fill this stinking stage. Yeah. That was all I was thinking. So It's cool to see. Now to see how well it went, I was like, hey. Alright. I noticed. Noticed as well that it fit really well in the camera shot. Yes. And then It did. When you were preaching It did. It just looks like a Yeah. Perfect background behind I actually did notice that. We should be right. Yes. Okay. Like, the Oh, yeah. Well, those are the notes I took. We're Okay. Because we chose that on purpose. Like, once once we decided what we're gonna do, and I was fine with not going big, then I turned on the cameras and was like, I wanna make sure that this is framed appropriately. And then Leah threw out that we should do two exact oak trees so that no matter which way, because our two cameras are in the center, that you get that experience. And then we saw that when you stood even out in the purple wings, everybody still got the same experience. We were like, that's so cool. So, yeah, the symmetry was yeah. It came together. Beautiful. It was awesome. Beautiful. So so Thank you for naming that. I don't know how we we passed by that with decor. So That's why I just I was being quiet and then we run out of time. So I was like, well, let me just throw it in there and then Yeah. I'm glad you did. Now we'll go to communication. How or did the people know what was going on? From pastor Melissa, Curtis did a great job explaining what was happening during the pastoral highlight and really captured everything we wanted to communicate. People clearly understood what to do and why it mattered. And I think we all saw that through the candle lighting expression for sure. Yeah. I would say consistent communication and content. It it was a hummer. I would say, though it was about I I don't remember if I pushed the family guide hard at all. How did I know? That was such a winning asset Yeah. That was for families, for teeth. I mean, I have people today using their classroom, in school, public school. You know what I'm saying? So it's like and I'm like and that was like, oh, I don't actually remember. I mentioned it. Yeah. No. That was a miss on that part. So I would say that hard what what was done to that guy is such a beautiful thing. We need to communicate that. Yeah. Even beyond family history too. That was? So put in your notes, you're not off the hook for next year. You thought you were? Your notes. No. No. No. No. No. No. I'm kidding. I love it. Yeah. Girl. I think that I that was one thing I thought was a big one and I definitely wanna do again. Yep. As far as communication and resourcing for it, though, I do feel like we made it pretty easily accessible Yeah. Through having the paper copies Yep. And sharing on social media and That's true. That's how people were going. Website, and then it was featured in current newsletters. So we're seeing it from the friend. Yeah. It was being pushed, but it is a miss that it wasn't part of our package. Yep. And part of that is and I just wanna be curious about it. So we were trying to we are sending the people in a lot of directions, and we're sensitive to we, the communications department. We're sensitive to all of the instructions we were giving the people. And now we just wanna continue to be like, to hold that tension up. We want you to light candles, and we want you to write something in there. And we wanna so what oh, you know what? And we even talked about, like, what is the passive engagement of advent versus There you go. Promoted. There you go. And so the which interestingly, people didn't take them, but we talked about the Yeah. Taking is a passive. We talked about the advent of being a passive. And so maybe next year, we put it, and we do these interactive because I actually I I don't know how I may have known, but I I was like, I actually don't even know if I knew that about the cards over there. Well, those tucked into the corners are so beautiful in the living room setting, but it also is a different people just walking past them. Yeah. So Yeah. Obviously, though. We had a If we wanted to do that again, we may wanna have a designated tree that is just Oh. The green light. Oh. Maybe, like, in the middle of the foyer or separate somehow. Yeah. Almost by, like, where the note cards were. Like, set up art in a way that you see when you pass it in a page. Yep. That's cool. I do. Yeah. I agree. Now I would say, the the thin line between passive, and active. I think, like, we're fighting for the right thing and and restoring it well, but even finding more creative ways to for the passive. Where I just I just when so many people are coming back to me about the family, I was like, oh, okay. That's a loop. I probably should've communicated more for the masses. Mhmm. Because you all felt like that was as much expression of collective church and communication and not just Jess. Okay. You know? So The rotating cards. None of communication. Yes. I would just say what we got we got so many things. It was almost right. What we got in, not just asking for people's engagement, but communicating and projecting and displaying their engagement matters so much. Right? And so I just think, you did so well in that, and we have to always find ways to identify our people. So it's not just Curtis' voice or whatever. It's like, your voice is really good colorless. Yeah. So that was one of my favorite parts of Christmas is, like, it's 100%. In the room, you could, like, feel 100%. Feels. It's one of my favorite parts. Cool. Those cards are getting out there. Yeah. How different to the way we've ever heard it, like, how I'm glad we saved, like, for just Christmas Eve. Me too. Felt Yeah. Creative. Yeah. Like, it felt like Yeah. And it felt diverse. That's part. We've been waiting as their kids once. There was, like, yep. That's what we should be doing. Yeah. I put the this is, like, for this, storyteller, but your scripting was just Oh, that's fine. So good. Like and I thought, you know, having, like, trying to organize and resource Jeff, like, it was just like he had everything he needed. Yeah. Yeah. And it was just so Yeah. Yeah. I love it. Well, it was good. Yeah. And I had a blast. Mhmm. Even though my my fun party is important, but but it's important to me. I like it. I like it. Lots of notes about what it is. I like it. I love idea for you. So That's good. I'm gonna open up these last two just to make sure Mhmm. You have things imperative that you wanna add to these. And, again, we can build off this list once it gets sent out. Engagement and presence. To what extent did the congregation participate in and remain attentive to this element? What was the felt experience of the church and staff to the best of our knowledge? And then community and connection. How well did this element foster relationships, shared experiences, and a sense of togetherness? Whatever your priority things that you wanna share in those categories, which you'll just tell us which category you're going to inform. Melissa did share under engagement that the engagement with Kendall's was incredible. Honestly, wow. People leaned in, participated fully, and overall felt experience for both the congregation and the staff was really meaningful. We agreed. We agreed. I would add to that. I I shared the with short testimony, but it was very potent that, the the kinds of engagement we did this year could be, done at home for online. Right? And so when people were active people who are not interested in coming to the building as church yet, willing to light candles and be engaged. Yes. We have to write that down. Like, that's that was a that's a thing that was accidental, but yet very needed. Actually, all of them. So we had a digital form Yeah. Stories Yes. Handle invited handles Yep. Invited community So all those things. Oh, good. Good. Good. Yes. Yes, miss. You did. I know. But Are you gonna do those every year? I would like to. You I I bless that. Please do that. And I will not change my mind on that. I can promise you that. Yeah. Those cards, is there a way that we could offer for people to, like, send us a picture of their story card Mhmm. Or scan. Yeah. There's a you can upload a JPEG or you can fill out the online form. Yeah. We already did that I think so. From home? I think so. Sweet. I still like that. But I'll make a note just in case it is. You know, connected communication, those are small plugs I could've you've been doing in the in the past. I'm like, hey. Send back, you know, pictures of your cards from home. Mhmm. That we I know they knew it. They could see it, but just ways of connecting all of us. Yeah. That's good. That's good. Yep. Yep. Yeah. When you were talking about the the messages not being as, like, capital letter Mhmm. As it goes to the congregation, like, participating and being engaged, I felt like I yeah. I just I felt it. I felt a an engagement from congregants that I haven't felt in the past. Yep. There was something It was. So just real and tangible and almost conversational, about each week. Just really was. I don't know if I remember that from the thirtieth or not, but I know once we got into December Mhmm. Each week, it was like a note in my head of, like, man. You're not wrong, but it seems this is really I don't know. I'm trying to use kind words, but it's not dry. Whatever that No. I know what you mean. Yes. And I've been involved with lots of advents and lots of beautiful advents. Yeah. This was one of the most engaging I've ever experienced in in church. I was like, it's so I wrestle with it. Like, what what was it? Well, I think But it's a real thing. You're not wrong. I wanted to say it through the sermon lens because I think that that is a big part, that we would be robbing ourselves if we didn't say is also why people then go to the building. So why people don't just do right now in those I mean, we saw that last year. Check out in the middle of an advent message that you've heard, you know, 20 times before or Yeah. Five times before or whatever it is. How how much more are you thinking about lunch and you're not thinking about what? You know? So, yeah, the way you wrote those and delivered them was very good for conversational participation. Yeah. I'd start to say that we saw that last year, not in a bad way, but because the sermons and services took a different tone Yeah. Our adjacent elements I mean were impacted Yes. Because they were all fun and lights. And so, like, yeah, which we cannot undervalue, especially in these high holy seasons. So high holiday seasons. Yeah. I'll take the time to get into it. Finally, surely, yeah, the impact of the actual service and sermons Yeah. In a different way. 100%. You're right. I think that's what we're walking away with. That is distinct. Yeah. So then the four years felt festive almost They really did. But just in a very familiar, hanging out way, which I mean, that could that could be any Sunday. But you mix in the decor. You mix in Mhmm. You know, the the ways that people are responding, and it just felt like Christmas from to back. It did. Every week. Every week. It was wild. And so yeah. Melissa had a note under community and connection that even though lighting a candle is an individual moment, watching people come forward highlighted how much people are longing for connection, prayer, and time with God. For yes. A 100%. Yeah. They really Like, they really were engaging. Communal element. And I felt the from my own heart. And I I I asked people to pray, and I love going and lighting a candle for me. So it was it was just a really unique thing. Yeah. It's so interesting to see, yeah, that very individual practice as a community element. It really yeah. It was very. I feel like I was very curious in order to participate in others. Oh, that's very cool. I I know there's a measure of losing this until both engagement community and beyond, but I've always valued different voices doing the advent theme candle lighting. But I just love the storyteller doing it and then releasing the other lighting to the you know what I'm saying? So I would say, I enjoyed this more knowing and I'm not saying we have to do this the same way. I just I did enjoy it. It felt much more fluid and natural than it has been when you're just trying to get a different voice each week doing it. Right. So what else? Maybe we can do something in there. Yes. And the light just looks beautiful. It just does. We have that much. Yeah. We have that much candle lighting in a room. It just changed. Really does. Yeah. And it probably really helps support your stage that was right and appropriately sized and all that. But the fact that the whole room was full also added to a smaller stage design. You know what? That's real. Nothing about that room felt empty or It's a real thing. That's true. So I missed them candlelight the next week. I was like, you're gonna have them every week. I don't know what we're doing. Doing. I know. It really was. Ago. I didn't put words to it. That's what I felt. Like, the whole room was just you know? So Yeah. It's good. Yeah. Yeah. So something I think So something I think for next year, if you can mind, is that that we've missed a bit the last couple years is just considering Christmas Eve service and and all of kids' butter in there. Oh, yeah. But don't say so much. Doing it through a I did. Forget. So that they're not an afterthought. You know, like, okay. We have battery candles, we power candles, and we give them the bad. But I think, we haven't been as intentional with actually considering what a family service it is. Yeah. Actually, most people do not take advantage of childcare. Like, I think we should still, for sure, operate at at least one of the services. We had a few kiddos at 3PM. We had no kids checking at 6PM or one baby. Wow. So I just, It was a pretty light service, though. Yeah. But I I am interested in that too because I know in my brain, it was a service that generally some kids, but who knows? No. But that is not how we approach. And so I I don't think you're wrong, and I don't know what that's the planning. Like, hey. We need to actually as we're planning this thing, sit with that Christmas Eve. It is a family Sunday. Yeah. Even though it's Christmas Eve. You know? Yeah. Or even as we get closer Yeah. We're just, like, revisited of, like, is that what we want? Do we want, you know, like, I don't think we have a hard time finding childcare even for what we offer. So Yeah. Probably not gonna, like, do a whole, you know, Garden City thing for to see. But just, like, having a little To your point, people didn't wanna check their kids in. There were so many littles. Like, I I was skeptical of people. Yeah. I think the 06:00, especially for the for the babies, nobody was really Yeah. Yeah. So Well, practically, getting volunteers just so to talk was really kind of different. Across the board. Yeah. And so I wanted to throw out, and we don't have to talk about it till next year, I wanted to throw out twelve and three as a maybe to think about. It's not on a Sunday at 06:00. Like Yeah. Would you leave us to just to just early and often talk about service times? There is no magic time, and there is no winning, but to have that conversation early and often with service stuff. I just I just browsed, around in Google, and I saw that a lot of churches offer that earlier time, and we've experienced that when we offer an earlier time like 03:00. People take us up on it, and we've done it for multiple reasons. I know that there is something that you lose, as we've as we've said about, like, the evening one, the people who really value that Christmas eve evening tradition. But then when I was up there and seeing towards the end of service that it's like, well, there's not really very many people here. And the candlelight was was a very different experience than it was on in the 3PM service because of how few candles they're working, and things like that. Then I was like, I wanna bring this up when we debrief. So it's really as my last note is If I go on. You don't? Oh, cool. Because I had, my own debriefing thoughts from when it comes to content. It was I was even thinking through family Sunday was I just wonder if there's a grain of ways to include kids' voices. Even because my natural thought is, man, it's not a queen's choir. Ain't nobody gonna be around for no kids choir. Yeah. But some kids' voices recorded somehow in Christmas Eve, that sets a whole different tone. Yep. And even how we welcome the people. We welcome this with the fullness of Christmas Eve, and we also welcome those different Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Thing. And we did some of that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Is there a way missing. But Yeah. Is there a way you know? Yeah. If we can approach it as we get closer to your camp, do we have a children's story? Literally. That's what I was thinking too. That they're That's why I was thinking the same thing. It's those elements that yep. You want Luna to lead a song? Yes. I do. I really would. Hi. I actually think we need more kids' voices. I would love to say, would you need more kids' voices? Oh, I love that. Just just say yes until it's go time. I wanna honor our time for those of us, that have the next meetings and things like that in this busy, busy week. But please do not stop thinking if you have other thoughts. Please send them to me by whatever means you would like, and I will add them to the form or you can edit the form yourself. It will be a living Google Doc, so you will be able to do that. And then as we are getting Bless you. Bless you. We will be back together shortly as we do a very similar process after seven. So thank you all for your time. And thank you, Jess, for