Question. We got this. Pop culture. Positive. Go. Question. Jess and I, we love pop culture. I don't know that it's, like, mood pop culture for her movie. And other things. It's a you're everything else. Yeah. The the Facebook world a big world. You know a lot because David Swift world. It'll be she's experienced it now. She really has, and I love it. I can tell you. It'll be an interesting day if it's when I ever bring Taylor Swift into meetings. Is it? Maybe not that I don't It'll be an interesting day because I know. I just probably would not ever do that, but Yeah. Don't have any problems against Taylor Clearly. Other than my daughter who went through a season where I'm like, we are done with Taylor. You have to you have to, like, just determine that. Yeah. I'm like, we just this is a lot of Taylor. So, anyway, the pop quiz question. Yes, ma'am. It's not a quiz, but I put pop service experience question to start us off. So we're closing up the Ephesians series this week. Right? Yep. Then we got stand alones? Yep. So so right now it's the group. You don't have to have an immediate answer. But is what was the highlight of this series where you felt God was most present in alignment with our receiving years Garden City? That's a good question. Such a powerful series. Started in the fall, part one. Right? Yeah. Yeah. And then we did part two. Yeah. In the new year, but what was the highlight of the series where you felt God was most present? And that's too complex too. Just like what was your overall It's not too complex. Just a minute. Just a second. Yeah. I know. But two. But I also was like, just what felt most impactful? Yeah. You're not trying to have it. Yeah. I'm not trying to like yeah. Please. Like, please. You're like, okay. Hold on. On. In alignment with wigs and receiving. I'm just like, what felt I love your answer. Take one second. Yeah. I know. Mhmm. For me, it wasn't for me, it wasn't a Sunday morning, but I feel like our Sunday morning weren't really impacted prayer night, and I still have not finished processing or, like, moving through all that the Lord did not face. And I don't know that that would have I mean, the Lord's gonna do what he's gonna do, but I think my heart was ready for Fournite in a different way because of the work of the patients. Mhmm. So tangents. Is the same. Same thing. I was pulling up the verse on that week that stood out, which was 13. Mhmm. But now in Christ Jesus, you who were far away have been brought near by the blood of Christ. Right at that same time, that same week, before the first is what I met with, Bobette. Mhmm. And Oh, yeah. I had told you guys I don't know that you were in her own, Curtis, but everybody else that was in here had said that there was a fun email that she had sent that I was munching on. Mhmm. And she was more on the knot with the things that she was saying. I just need clarity in how she was writing it. Yeah. She was saying this is what the Lord is saying is that they're worshiping me with unclean lips and unclean hands and unrepentant hearts. And so, like, I needed more clarity as to where she was. Yeah. Because it sounded really, like, problematic. I was like, I didn't know how to, you know, be on this meeting, but I tried to be as open handed as I could. And then you preach 13. And I went, what? And I just felt what the spirit did in worship and just kind of broke through and worshiped the moment that I didn't understand what was happening. And then he preaches 13, and it just, there was just so many pieces that were like, what is going on? God, what are you doing right now with the unrepentant heart or now with the repentant heart? And how, like, odd it was for me to then ask the very next week on the eighth. It was a choir week. She was there. And I didn't name her, but I just said I had a meeting recently and, really beautiful things came out of it. And so I want us to pray through this lens. We prayed the same prayer on the first when she wasn't there. Mhmm. But starting the morning with repentance and asking God to to, yeah, just clean us, cleanse us, and I don't know. It's just not it's not usually where I come from before worship. So I don't exactly understand, but there's there's 100 I mean, one the 16000%. It was like, by the end of that night, I was like, what are you doing, god? I've never stayed in this building till midnight just wanting more of him. Yeah. Till midnight. Just wanting more of him. Yep. Like, just didn't wanna close the bible. Just wanted to keep reading. So Mhmm. Something something there that I I've gone back and lived 13 quite a few times. But now in Christ Jesus, you who are far away have been brought near by the blood of Christ. And I've never I've never read that verse through the lens of, like, it being done actively currently. Mhmm. It's like, yes. I have been brought here by the blood of Christ. Not, like, no renewing Mhmm. Mhmm. Each day. Mhmm. Yeah. Now. Mhmm. It's happening now. Mhmm. And, yeah, definitely is definitely. So same as these. I know for me, the interest in when we went to the Ephesians series, I think probably back in the fall, It made so much sense to me, like, in a receiving year. Yeah. Right? Identity. Like, oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We got to. The crazy part is is as we've gone into, like, part two and it shifted from, like, knowing to inhabiting Yeah. Yeah. It was one of those where I was like, I don't know why, but this feels like such a pivotal not that, like, obviously, you have to know to be able to inhabit. Mhmm. But there was just this shift that it's like, I don't know, but this is something specifically for Garden City. And that, like, I just begin to have this sense that, like, Garden City will be different because we will be people who inhabit. Mhmm. And, it's got me really curious. I was curious about this before, but just even more so after sitting in this fusion series. But, like, how we're we're people who are formed by, yes, claiming your identity, but then, like, being empowered by it. Yeah. And that actually will be what mixed Garden City did kind of, like, it just was weird that I was just like Yep. No. So, yeah, there was just this I was just not expecting what the feeling would be the from like the shifting of knowing identity to inhabiting it. Yeah. True. And then yeah, also just personally feeling so many lining up with what's being taught to, like, things that are happening in real time. Yeah. And also seeing just some really cool ways that God is aligning what's being taught in multiple settings. So this past Sunday was a great example. We all know that the message there was a lot about friction. You know? And then we go to marriage builders, and marriage builders totally not planned in relation to what was being taught necessarily. The rollers were leading it, and it was all about, like, fighting fair in your marriage and much of it about, like, engaging in the friction. And it was like friction was the it was so crazy, and the rollers did such a beautiful job of, like, tying what they were bringing to what was taught on Sunday, and they didn't know. Yeah. Like, it was just this weird, like, look at god. Who's that? Yeah. Like, god, you're doing something here. So there's been many of those nods throughout this series. I've all of that. Yes. I mean, yes. I think there's just so, so many words I can say, but I would say all of that, is in there from the inhabiting part to I had a sense of repentance, but I was in as it was going, this was a season of the Lord was just bringing us coming to the end of ourselves in the most beautiful way. And we're asking for it, for him to be made much of. And I was so I just feel like that's what the lord and just personally, that's yeah. He had me coming into Ephesians two, at a yeah. Just at a very different kind of place. And so he gave me the, the, man, the privilege to live out the trueness of Ephesians two between me me and him. Mhmm. And for the good of the church, you know, and for much of it. Happy for the church. Jesus, me, and you, we got to do this thing. Right? And so I would just say, he met me in some profound ways and really did tie that knot deeply as in it is individually and it's collectively and they're both utterly beautiful, utterly hard. And the answer is yes. So Yeah. I think all of that, I as I reflect on, like, I think there was a unique, like, fingerprint on our identity as Garden City through a series of, like, just stewarding our identity well and, like, all that that means of, like, our the diversity of our church. And I just think every week, it was kind of like, we're gonna lean into some practices that feel a little bit, like, different. Yeah. But, like, it's for our good. Are we gonna, you know, just kind of like there were threads of that throughout where we're like, we want you to feel so much like you belong here and, like, God you are bearing, like, the image of God, and also you have, like, a place, and this is who God's forming us to be, like, collectively. So Agree? Yeah. That's what you're talking about. Yeah. All of that. Yeah. And I think, Curtis, you did, like, walk, like, led in a unique way, like, through this whole series too with a lot of, like, vulnerability and a lot of just, like, felt like we were really, like, getting you. I can't be happy because you're like, I'm walking through this myself. Yeah. It makes you really informed yourself. No. A 100%. Profoundly. Creation. Yeah. Mhmm. Yeah. It was beautiful. Mhmm. I agree. It was beautiful. It was beautiful to meet that Curtis. I was. I knew that. But it it was beautiful actually to to experience the Lord for me in ways that I profoundly asked him to. He was answering prayers. I prayed over the year. He was answering them in January and February. So it's been sweet. Yeah. And to be able to, like, this been really even to watch you teach it with a level of, like, authority in terms of, like, this is who we're gonna be. Yeah. Like, also just seemed very, like, oh, this is, like, in a year of receiving and Mhmm. Obviously, foundational identity things to be able to experience that also, like, as a congregation where it's like we're naming, like, no. This is actually I loved this past Sunday when you were, and I can't remember exactly what part in it that you were, but just the the garden in the city. Mhmm. And, like, just really bringing through the Ephesians series, like, tying back to a reminder of, like, what Garden City means. Yeah. So just the good side on that. He shouldn't be doing things. Yeah. It was an ordained season. It was an ordained season. Yeah. You you know all things in the hands of the Lord as a mess of being ordained, so it doesn't make other moments less. But there was a uniqueness, right, in this season that we all could feel. And so asking the Lord to teach us to both treasure it and steward it. Mhmm. Do you guys see any ways that, like, the impact of the Ephesian series has potential like, obviously, we see the correlation to the poured out series, but that it threads into the poured out series. Like, the ways in which the Ephesian series was impactful. I don't know. For sure. Because we don't want people pouring out, like, unless they're feel so settled and just being able to Yep. Yep. And it also invites people to pour out in the way that, like, they really are, like Yes. To and will, like like, that there's a a place for that Yep. Here for them Yep. To pour out in that way. And I think if we didn't have that foundation Yeah. Not that it would be appreciated in a way, but, like, I think it's like, okay. I'm set up, but, like, I know so much who I am. Yeah. I know so much that I belong here in this, like, body now. Like, what's my expression of, like, what do I do with that? Mhmm. Yeah. And it feels like the next step of embodying, inhabiting right now. And so it's got this arc to it. Yeah. That's really You even foreshadowed that when you were like, the Garden City is where you are. Yeah. I'll I'll get I'll discover again as I'm preaching, like, oh, lord. Hang on. Look at you, lord. Foreshadowing. It's here. Concluding. Hello. Oh. Mhmm. Yeah. It's pretty incredible. Actually, it gets any better than y'all. No. It's real. I think the biggest thing that I just want us enough. So to remind us each time, it's just to remain in awe of the Lord, like the Lord has us, and and we are gonna always seek to work hard steward, have these conversations, be honest with how we steward things well or not, just name that. But just there's a collective sense that, man, he this is his and he is building it. And we get to enjoy it with with our siblings and get to enjoy it with him. And so that's it. We as a staff are marked by that. Uh-huh. So In the in the worship teams, I'm feeling, not feeling. I'm experiencing, a lot of just dying to self. Lesser of me, more of you. And everything you guys are saying is just it just lines up perfectly with that. So as we go into poured out, it's like being able to trust our worship leaders Yeah. That what they're pouring out is less of them and more of him. Yeah. Yep. Yep. So I haven't even talked to them about port out. You know? No. Hello? But as we get there, it's like, okay. I love it. We all try. Yeah. Mhmm. It'll be beautiful and clumsy. Man, that's and that's gonna be good. I just want you know what I'm saying? It's like one of the things I'm like, don't be scared. Yep. I've said that for many many years now. Just the clashing realities of Garden City. Yeah. Mhmm. Yeah. For real. It really is that. Yeah. Yeah. It's been in ways that we've been able to name it in different seasons that we've experienced it. But, yeah, when you start being like, okay. This seems to be like a true pattern. Okay, Lord. Be like You really did name us this. Oh, yeah. You really are giving we are receiving something. Right. Yeah. This is gonna keep coming up. Like, yeah. Like, oh, oh. And people looking at me like, no. No. I'm discovering what y'all got. Like, just because I had I didn't know what I mean. He even told me all this. I was like, no. No. No. Each week, I'm discovering with us, you know, which is sweet. I like it. Mhmm. Sweet. Yeah. Okay. Awesome. Okay. Well, let's dive into any specific debriefs from this past week. So, yeah. Hold on. I'm gonna pull it up. It's been sitting here like, what was today? The first. The March 1. So, yeah, feel free. Anybody who wants to go first. I'll go first again. I got to experience online, which was fun. And so I've got limited perspective, but I really sometimes that's really good for me to just lock in in our online experience because so many of our people, kind of, try to experience Spirit City either all the time or regularly. So, Mike, I thought your call to worship, with teaching over that new song was such a beautiful pastoral moment. The last song. Centered hearts and slowed us down and gave opportunity, to even name what maybe the congregation could have been feeling as they were led into that song, like, we're saying those words a lot. And so, like, I just thought that was wonderful. It's really beautiful. I don't know what this means. Sorry. Freedom in the name of Jesus. Amen. Freedom at some point and I was agreeing with you in my comments. So Amen. Amen. In the name of Jesus. I think I did say that at the end of this. Oh, and then oh, here we go. And strumming together with the end of the song, which was so beautiful. So there was a really Yes. Hemming in. Yes. And your girl loves some hemming in. So anytime you can, like No. That was time solidly done. It was so beautiful. Sorry. I'm I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. Three exclamation points that I would, so both star. And y'all know I just love anytime you and Kayla Yeah. And y'all know I just love any time you and Kayla just had the opportunity to listen worship that day. I think there's such a, yeah, there's such a sweetness to the anointing that you've had as a family, and so to get to inspire some of that. Yeah. I just love that. Belly was something too. Moment of making us small while we grow bigger. I'm cheering on Chase. That was really beautiful. Yeah. I just I think you're so discerning as a dad about how to do that wisely, and so what a beautiful way to just honor your boy. Very sweet. And then, I loved the call back to table of contents for the scripture reading, especially towards the end of the book. We're just going to the same book. I think it would be easy to make assumptions there, so it was a good placement of that. And I just thought that was great. And then our hosts, I just once again, I'm just so impressed by the ways that they love people in that space and how they greet them and how they interact. And I wasn't watching it in real time, so I didn't get to see that. And in some ways, it was almost more helpful to, like, watch it later and to just watch the comments scroll, and just thought it was Mhmm. You're just beyond blessed to have them, and I think that's something that I can continue to take for granted until I tune into any other church ever and realize what a unique and beautiful part of our family that is. So Yeah. You're not wrong. Yeah. For sure. Yeah. I'm sure Glenn I mean, it's not because we built something. I mean, Rachel did, I guess. But, like, just, like, the heart of the folks that are there is is true community. And so It just really is. Yeah. That's all I have for today, our first Sunday. I can go. I agreed, Mike. I loved your intro to the song. I'm free. Any chance I love that anytime you do it and just kind of, like, let the people know what to expect of what they're gonna sing and kinda give them a little bit of context Mhmm. Behind why we would say those words. It's just a lot of safety no matter where people are at. Like, they're new to singing for worship or whether they're not, but they're in a place where they're like, what do I do if I I don't I can't, like, know those words right now, or I don't really Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was just such a, like, safety and belonging, yes, and for me as well. So you need as well. And then most of my other notes are through the message. Curtis, I thought just in general, you did a really good job of, like, framing friction and conflict as, like, something that's normal and not something that means, like, we don't belong somewhere or we're not. You know? And I loved that you brought up for our for our kids as well. Like, our kids need that, and we need that Yeah. To know, like, hey. Going through, like, something hard, isn't your fault or, like, you're doing something wrong. It's a part of a part of growth and just a part of being human. One, like, little question mark I had in my head was just and I don't think, you know, I don't think you did anything. Like, there's nothing missing. But whenever we talk about, like, normalizing, like, friction or conflict, there's, like, a little alarm bell that goes in my head of, like, what if someone's truly, like, being abused? You know? And, I don't think you necessarily No. Over spiritualized it where you're, like Yeah. Just, you know, it's forming you, but there is always an opportunity there to say, like, you know, just to make that differentiate, differentiation. Yeah. Like, healthy, normal friction and conflict and, like Yep. True abuse that's not actually for your good. So it's a line to walk in again. I don't think you, like, said anything that was in a No. It's a good deal. No. No. It's a good deal, man. It's an opportunity there. Yeah. It's always no. No. You're not alone. And I think I mentioned, yeah, belonging, like, I think, yeah, really, if I were in a situation where I was in conflict with a fellow believer just in life, like, I would feel like, okay. That's I'm I can stay here. Like, that doesn't mean I'm not welcome here. So I think you did a really good job with that, and using, like, the shaping language of, like, friction is actually formation and not, like, failure. So that was really good to just, like, point towards hope and also pointed towards our true rest being found in Jesus and not in the absence of conflict is really good. Like, we're not looking for, like to get to a place where we're conflict free or friction free, but we're, like, just looking to Jesus. So that is really, like, safe language. Yeah. The only other thing I wanted to share with you guys something that happened on my end that just kind of, like, I had a little bit of a encouragement or revelation, I guess, as far as safety and belonging goes. But, you had a, like, 10 new volunteers shadowing me on Sunday, which was, fantastic. And one of them was a name a man named Richard Plucker. Richard. I saw him. Yeah. Name come across my list. I saw that he's almost 78 years old. Yeah. I will admit, I was like, okay. It's alright. The way you said it. Okay. I was just like Yeah. You know, truly, like, that's the sort of work that we do that. And so, but he came and he, you know, sat and I had a kind of a meeting with all of them, and then we stepped aside and we were chatting. And I was just talking to him, like, do you have an idea of, like, you know, a room or a place, you know, that you'd like to to shadow. And, you know, we talked about greeting and registration. He he was, like, almost getting teary eyed because he was like, I you could kind of tell. He, like, showed up with a lot of hesitation as far as, like, he's older. He's got some physical limitations. He was like, I didn't know, like, really if I'd have, like, something to continue. And I was like I was just so I was so convicted because I was like, I truly probably, like, was having those same thoughts, and then as we talked about his place and being able to greet. And I'm like, Richard, like, you don't know how impactful and meaningful it would be for you as a grandpa to be somebody welcoming these families and just smiling and saying hi to these kids. And, like, you don't have to to be in a classroom or know anything, like, on the tech side. Like, I just think you would be such a, like, important, valuable, like, part of our team. And, yeah, he was just, like he was so gentle and sweet and, like, almost, like, teary eyed. I could just tell that he's, like, he's wondering as as much as Yeah. Our kids, like, do I have anything left to contribute? Like, do I have a place where I can belong? And he I just, like, was so impacted by him. So I'm like, that took so much courage for him to fill out that form and show up and, like, not know, like, do like, am I gonna be seen here? Do I have a place? Like, do I have any value to give? And he was so much like, I'm gonna put him on a schedule. He's like, can I just come, like, when I can so that I can kinda learn the the world, you know, like Yeah? Learn things and, like, get comfortable. And so he's actually gonna be, like, coming more often and we've been asking him to. And so I don't know. It was just very sweet, and I was just, like, convicted to remember, like, this is about, like, everyone and our fur volunteers too and our adults and, like, that they're they're looking for that. So, anyway, sweet, sweet man. He is he is one of the sweetest men. Yeah. And we have a squad of those older men. I feel the burden for that really are asking in wrestling. And we've had certain spots, but there's there's there's more to do than construction or and so thank you. Thank you for loving him. Yeah. He's a very sweet man. Mhmm. You know? Yeah. So anyway, I just wanted to share that very well. You know who he is. Right? I don't know. Right? Christensen. Oh, yeah. Okay. I just wasn't, putting their last name. Yep. Right. Yeah. Moved from Alaska. Yeah. He lived in Alaska, like, forty years or something like that. And so he's also, like, this is a very like, in this tiny town where they, like Yeah. It was, like, 300 people. He was telling me all about this. Like, they had to, like, come together to make a grocery list because groceries got, like Yeah. Blown in. And I was like, you know, it's like, he's used to, like, that kind of community too. Yeah. And so to, like, come and be in a place where you're like, oh, everyone's just kinda doing their thing. Yeah. I don't know. He's he's got a lot, like, I think he just has a lot to give and a lot of, like, value. He really does. Thank you. And they're one of our examples of just multi generations and Yeah. You know what I'm saying? For real. And they're gonna hurt his grandkids slowly being more around. So Yeah. This week. Yeah. Jeremy and Tara with their parents. Yep. I mean I know for real. I think the same thing. And they are part of the same crew, and we really regularly talk about how they get these these older men, because they are beautiful and and unique at times. You know? Yeah. Yeah. They are. Yeah. It's yeah. It's interesting. And really, Jeremy and Ryan, like, as son in laws, they're the ones really for their their their in laws living with them. You know what I'm saying? That's the sweet story. Yeah. That is sweet. I had, like, my kids didn't even don't even know I'm doing this. You know? So he did it on his own. I'm a text him later. Thank you. Thank you for sending me. That is good. I think they're in Dee's community group. Just trying to remember where they're plugged into community. I I forget. It's funny because they like, Ryan and Rochelle and Tara and Jeremy are the same where they're like, they have to be in community. Yes. Like, away from us. Yes. Not enough. So, like because I was getting to know Tara once. She came and she was like so, like, Diaz had to cancel, like, twice her group, and, like, I'm gonna need some sort of alternative option. Like, she was very curious about how she is. Like, I'm she is. Like, that's what I am, like but, anyway I mean, Richard was saying he's, like, in Alaska, and they had this tiny Yeah. Tight knit. Yeah. He's like, there was always something to do. Yes. Yeah. And that's where and all of that. So I can only imagine just it would feel very isolating Yeah. For sure. And to rebuild community as I know. That's 80 years old. Like Yeah. Yeah. I know. The irony of moving to town and then being isolated For real. Here versus Alaska. No. For real. It's crazy. There's the whole thing to do. It's crazy. Yeah. There's something in there for us too. Yeah. We should go to Alaska. But that's not what I That's sad. You what you heard was, let's go to Alaska. I heard it was Man, it's got to be ministry for you. You gotta teach us how to do grocery shopping. I know. For sure. I like it. But he really is one of the sweetest men. I would tell anybody other people Talk to him. He's one of the sweetest men around. Yeah. I agree. So I had a similar season, Jess, when we started, like, ramping back up community groups. In my mind, I I didn't say this, but then on the adverse side of it, like, I realized, like, oh, I really had a picture of, like, the leader profile in my head of what leaders and then the Lord was, like, bringing, like Yeah. People that I was, like Like, I love you, but you like, you don't look like us out here. Yeah. Rather than here. And I was just like, no. And then, like, over the course of the year, it's so funny because, like, the leaders I was so sure on were the ones that's like, why are you why is it so hard for you just to, like, make your group work? Yeah. And then the ones that I was like, there is no way in heck they're thriving? They are thriving. You fucking are, you know There was no way. There They're you know? There's no way. They're leaders, I Yeah. They're killing it. For sure. We're like, I don't know why my group doesn't listen to me. I wanna teach them this, this, and this. And then the ones that I was like, there's no way. They're, like, kicking it, doing life with people. For real. So It is crazy, though. Way of doing that. You're like, okay. So then I would say, like, the next year, I was like, people are like, what's your profile? Like, what are you looking for in a leader? Really? I I'm not even putting parameters on the head. Like so Yeah. God just wants us to receive. He does. That's for real. Yeah. That it? That's the year receiving. Yeah. Receiving all of us because he's bringing them all Yes. From ninety to nine months. Yeah. Expect the friction. Yeah. We need our money. We need our money. We need to be to the There's the scene. No. No. There it is. Lovely, guys. Okay. Alright. I guess I can go. K. So much, you know, kinda highlighted things that really stuck out to me, and so much really was, Mike connected to just how you led during that time. It really was so sweet and intentional, and I think as I already named, there's such a pastor's shepherding lens you had, and we cannot minimize. As what what I mean, I don't think we minimize because we're recognizing in this space that when when we're affirming a word or a phrase that really opens something up, we just recognize every small thing offered to the lord is good and so you really did and I love how you really ended that first song and transits like, that was so beautiful, so rich, how you slowed down and kinda let everybody on the train. Come on. Come on. And then, boom, we're gone. You know? And I was like, bro, that was masterful. You know what I'm saying? So it's just the Lord. However the Lord led you there, you you heard right. And I would and then I don't get giddy very often when prepping. Yeah. And I would sit on my couch at home at, like, 11:30 at night and was like like, I just did that on a Tuesday and was like, oh, bro. It was sweet. I stopped. No worries, buddy. One of the sweetest moments of the whole morning. Oh my gosh. Those words right into the overwhelming. Yeah. Mhmm. Yeah. So just write that down. We bring that back. Those two together. Yeah. Right into it's like, but I do think I I don't think we can name enough the grace that is on you and Kayla. Right? And when you all have you all obviously feel the freedom to lead out, but there is a unique grace and beauty that falls on our church. When you all just lean into how the Lord speaks to y'all, right, whether it's how you transition, whether it's just a prophetic encouragement, however it is, I just wanna name that there's a unique grace in forming us as a collective family in Garden City, that's uniquely brought to you all and then also to your team through you all. And I just encourage you all, especially her, just keep stepping and speaking and letting the Lord do that, you know. Yeah. I I'm a keep there's constant permission. Constant permission. No. It's helpful. I trust you. I trust the lord in you. And so, that was rich. I would even say, beyond what happened in the service, and name this to you, one of the most beautiful things that happened was, when you brought I forgot our brother's name. We prayed for Right. It's Dre? Yeah. We don't call him Dre. We're gonna call him Dre. We don't call him Dre. We don't call him Dre. You brought him up. And and one, it was a test so it hit me to the one, there's a gentleman, the mopinol might start to pray for him. What do you call the Degenerative discs in his lower back. Yeah. Like walking, with a cane and barely being able to move. At the at the, feast. Yep. Seventh feast. Cane. And so, man, he came. He had no cane. Like, when Mike walked him up, I almost didn't recognize I was playing acoustic at the end of service. Yeah. And he walked up to the front of the stage and just put his hands out like this. And he was walking. No cane. No cane. And he he couldn't even barely get to his seat at the feast. Oh, I mean when I saw him from across the room and I met him, I met him at the table with his wife. And and I was like Yep. I was like, they were awesome. And dude smelled thick like weed. Yep. And I was just like Yep. Yeah. You're but you're legit. I like you. Yep. And I liked him at the table. And then so seeing him hobble like that, immediately, I was like, I gotta pray for him, and I hope he's okay with this. And I just went and prayed for him. The fact that I mean, Josh just gave me trouble today. He was like, why'd you, like, throw your guitar off? And I was like, you don't know what happened. I was like, hang guitar. It was a This dude walked into the It's like Jesus love America. Like, wait a minute. Just walking. Yeah. And I man. Like, no. No. No. That's not how I'm that's not how he looks. Like, the way he I mean, the way his body He's crouched over. Yeah. It's just not how it looks. So I just one Why? It's a it was one of those circles where it hits a couple of things. One, that we love the individual really well, and not just in prayer, but the way you walked him up. And I think for me, it's always important that we have these formal parts where there's a line to talk to me, and I don't hold that up. I wanna honor those, but we have to have the tension of informality where no. No. No. We get to interrupt things. Yeah. And when you interrupt it, I was like, thank you. Right? Thank you for knowing you could with such a testimony because that's how we create this beautiful digital garden city. Yeah. He didn't he didn't wanna bother you. Yeah. And I was like, what do you mean bother? Oh, like, you're walking. We gonna stop. We keep praying. I told the guy, no. Y'all gonna need to stop. Oh my gosh. What's happening? So just beautiful for that, but also before how you led him to that because there's those small things that really don't make us, who we are. It was, you know, obviously, fun preaching, that message. And there are moments when I felt so I wish I would've had much more context of nuance. So that's why you're right in what you're saying. But I hope I hope it was heard when I was naming physical for the versus virtual gathering. Like, I want to affirm the virtual but still elevate. Hey. There there's a thing to the physical, but what we do is beautiful. There's a thing to the physical. So I I hope the intention was felt because it really is not one or the other. Like, hey. I just I want us to feel that tension for real. Non shaming and also, like, calling. Okay. Good. Thank you. And then what I'm saying? Unintentionally rebuking people for leaving. I was not trying to. I really was not. It I saw people and I had got hit with grief as in people are the Lord's doing something Yeah. And they're gonna think they have to leave. Yeah. And this is not good. Like and I felt they were like, please don't. You're not in trouble. Y'all not in trouble. Just don't do that, though. Yeah. So either way, do you want a name? I I tried to clean it up, but, like but I didn't mean what I said. Honor like we said, honor the moments God gives you. Yeah. So but I was in name. I could add that bit more nuance, but also think that we're gonna have moments where I say it that way. No. Well, and I think even saying it that way is actually a pretty honest, like, expression of what you actually felt. So you can get it nicer, but, like, I like that you didn't. Yep. And I wasn't in the room to see how it felt, but online, it read as, like, like, honest and compassionate and not shaming. Yep. Yep. Ain't no locking the doors, but please don't move. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because the I felt like the seriousness of it was necessary. Okay. Yeah. It's okay for people. To feel a little discomfort. Little friction. Yep. Yeah. And then I felt like I was like, oh, I'm talking to this little pastoral moment, and then people are still moving. I was like, oh, they won't hear this as a rebuke. I really wouldn't even talk to y'all. I mean, I was, but I really was grieving for the person. Mhmm. Even y'all who may have missed it, please don't move there. So Yeah. No. That's good. Yeah. That's good. Loving that. Yeah. Beautiful service. I was in the room, and it felt fine. Yeah. Yeah. Beautiful. So yeah. Beautiful surface. Beautiful Although I wasn't the one standing up and leaving. You were not. Well, it was. I was you. I was standing by you, so I was watching faces and watching people move. Oh, yeah. I said, hey, man. Like, I'm like, no. No. No. No. Oh, this is neat. Based on what I feel, there are far too many people moving. Oh, so many. Yeah. Far too many moving. It was And I felt like that was doing something to intimidate me. Lateral across the room. It really was. The scurry started happening. It was a scurry. Went. It was. Literally felt like No. No. No. We know the people live in believe it. Was wild. Sunday was a I was like, wait. Did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did did enough. I got four minutes to say it some more. It's so You did say it. This might not be for everybody. It just I did say that. So they they were showing us with their feet. Because there was a scurry, and I was like, I just I'm used to people leaving. Yeah. That was so noticeably different. Yeah. You hadn't said anything yet, and I was already feeling it. Like, what the crap's going on? Yeah. Yeah. So okay. I'm gonna be like, am I just yeah. No. But anyway It was not. It was a fun setting though. So I don't regret saying it that way. Just wanna name the heart behind. Yep. Ending in I meant to say this too. Ending in silence. Yeah. Yeah. It's good. Yes. It's good for people I know. To I know. To be safe. Yeah. It's good. I know. Yeah. And I think those people seated. Yeah. I thought rest like, I thought people was sitting was resonating Yeah. With what I was saying for them. Yeah. They were. Mhmm. Yep. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. It was, it was necessary from my seat or from where I was standing. It was there were two parts that I felt like just hit across the room, and it was Kai fighting the hug. Like, I felt like the holy spirit just used that across the room. Yeah. And then the a a a gentle, fatherly, serious rebuke of what are y'all doing? You know? Like but way nicer than even that. And so, so I yeah. I've both times, I was like, yeah. You know? And there were still five, six different couples that got up and locked and things like that after that. But During the scurry, did you see people, like, sit back and Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. It already stopped. Slow. Oh, yeah. They slowed down. There was a scurry. Well, because one of those things where it just spilled really fast. Yeah. You saw people just it was a domino effect. It was. It was just happening so quickly that then to see that there were still people who didn't stop their move their move. Yeah. So they're like and they left. They probably had to leave. I was like, but I'm a take that. Everything stopped. And majority of people stayed in the room. I did. And then that we have not had success in that. Yeah. So however the spirit spoke in you Yeah. Was apt. It was appropriate. Has it been? So I felt like the benediction was still like, I felt like, alright. The the tone remained for the benediction. The silence. We did not lose it. Yeah. A 100%. 100%. So That's really cool. It was oh, yeah. Yeah. It really was cool. Like, I felt like the Lord honored that. Yeah. So that's why I say, like, those two moments for me were like, oh, like, a lot of times you'll give an object lesson like that with one of your kids or this or that. And it's just a story that Yep. Helps it, you know, helps people be attainable. For whatever reason, that little pushback, I don't know. I felt it more spirit than than just practical. Yeah. So, yeah, I have I have plenty that I could say. You guys have said different versions of it. So, but, yeah, the the Holy Spirit from 09:15 no. From 08:45. We didn't even do our run through at nine. I started the first song at, like, 08:45 no. 08:50 something and just didn't stop playing. Like, that transition into the second song, we just kept going. And I had to apologize to the tech teams. It was like, hey. I'm sorry. This was unorthodox. We didn't do the normal run through. It was stopped because it was just God's got something he's doing here. He this this is gonna be a really beautiful morning. Again, praying over you, praying over your sermon, and then and then watching this happen. Every time that these things happen this way, the last time I that I brought it up in this space that that that the the worship team was praying for you, it's like there's so much power in that. It is. It's literally not just a hail Mary, throw it up, and hopefully it works type of thing. It's it it's actual. It's practical. So I want I was moved this on Sunday to continue that, this repentant. Yes. We we're gonna lay it down. We're gonna give it to you, and you're gonna get out of the way. That's our normal prayer. But but, like, starting with repentance, laying it down, getting out of the way, and then and then lifting up the worship and the word both of god. What do you what do you you know? So then I meant my first line of, like, are you guys ready, like, to to worship and and get the word this morning? Like, I'm excited. I'm really ready for this. Yeah. I meant it with every piece of me, and that's that was weird, and really exciting. So then all the way out to to when I'm talking to him, man, I feel like his name is not Dre, but I'm really second guessing myself. To the gentleman who's now walking out of church, Pam Dorsey sitting here waiting to talk to me about worship. Yeah. And so she hops over to talk to me about worship. And I and I'm looking at her, and I said, hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Pam, look at this man walking out the door. And, like, I'm starting to tear up. And I said, he wasn't walking. He wasn't walking, and he's walking out the front door right now. And he hadn't made it to the front door. Then he turns, and he takes a couple steps back, and he starts just fingering through the little little rack in the in the lobby. Well, three minutes prior, I just told him, his wife, and his wife's friend felt something in the spirit. And I was like, Satan's gonna come for you. He's gonna try to make you believe this isn't real and that this doesn't happen. He really will. And the there's probably more ways that I'm not aware of, but I know of two that you can fight with. And you can fight with singing, and that's scriptural. It's there. Fight with singing. Find whatever genre you need to find and sing to the Lord. Sing against the enemy. And then read the word because Jesus himself used the word to fight against Satan. So read the word. And I didn't think so much about the second one. And he turned back and grabs a Bible, and I just looked at Pam. I was like, did he just grab a Bible? Like Mhmm. Like, I just Mhmm. I wouldn't have known when saying those words that he didn't have a Bible. Yeah. It was just we get to do this. God. Man, I know. Ain't it crazy? Yeah. It's crazy. It's crazy, man. It's crazy. Yeah. So I'm gonna wait till 11:45. You know what I mean? Like, this whole this whole morning. It's crazy. I was just like, you were here and you saturated every piece of it. Yeah. He did. Yeah. He really is healing people. Another guy got healed with diabetes. He said not it's not even in him anymore. Yeah. Another lady leaving a very horrific marriage. The Lord is just ordering her steps, and she getting her feet under her. Mhmm. So just we just get to do this. We do. We get to do this. We do. I know we I know we know that, and I'm a keep saying, how we get to do this. Yeah. For sure. For sure. Sorry. Did you go? Did you do your You're right. Super. Oh, no. Oh, I I We'll move it to I said, what did I just add? You heard you talking. I was like, today is fine. No. It dawned on me that I wasn't gonna have the bandwidth to properly, yeah, do evaluations and auditions. I was like, if I do this now, I won't in March have what I need on Thursday nights to do evaluations and auditions. So I need to wait till after Easter, do the recruit, and then actually make sure I have Thursday afternoons to to onboard people. So Yeah. Yep. Very smart. Love it. Do you guys keep seeing the services the way I see them? It's y'all bring beautiful things out. For sure. I think you have I know we're meeting tomorrow. So Yeah. No. You'll get more info about how service will flow with the announcement this Sunday. So same as last week, but we'll run it back. Yeah. Just let me know, at some point this week, Curtis, if you were wanting a response song Yeah. At the end. That's the only question mark I have. So we'll we'll hold down choir set in the front. Yes. We're Yes. We do. We just need to pick tone and feel. There you go. Yeah. I would actually wanna know a bit of, like, like, what is this into or something like? Yeah. Like, the actual tone. The tone. Like, what Well, tone, I can kind of anticipate a bit. I guess, maybe not. And if you guys wanted it to be more of like a uplifted, sending tone. So I guess alright. Tone and then, an idea towards what you want sung to, not the tone. No. That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My heart That makes sense. Towards, like, we should go back to Jesus. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. I don't wanna assume that if No. That's a good question. I have the same thought of Yeah. What do we wanna say? Yep. Yep. You're you're not wrong. K. And we'll get That's all I need. Yep. So But We're chatting with Yeah. So all kind of things we can say. I don't know. Are, are you thinking that you'll come to my huddle to talk before? Yes. Yes. Yes. Confirming all that. Nine prayer team. Yep. That all feels right. Mhmm. Yep. So I think that's the only teams that are impacted as terms of, like, they won't be in service and will have to engage in a certain posture after service. Yep. And you'll see all of this, like, consolidated and noted out. But Mhmm. It's probably both in programming and we'll talk about it. We'll have a little moment of business at staff social on Thursday to kinda circle everybody up before we walk into Sunday. Yep. It works. Yep. I I was thinking about it after I asked the question last week of, like, what to do with my leaders, not the choir, but, like, leaders who are up. And I think I'm just gonna not say anything, obviously, like you had said, but, point to that there is an announcement in service today, but not I don't want them to leave or I don't want them to sit in the back backstage or anything like that. I'd rather them go Oh, to make sure that they're in a Yes. I do. I do. Yeah. Just lightly, but not sure the choir has exited and it's just the leaders backstage. I just wanna honor them in that, like, not the whole team and not all my leaders, but just the ones who are up this week. Like, hey. Specifically, don't, like, go sit. It's the sweetest face ever out there. No. But you're not wrong. Yeah. Yeah. You have to name that for you too. Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. There's certain groups where the volunteers go really casual. Mhmm. Yeah. You wanna be in service. You wanna be in service. Yeah. That's perfect. Accidentally Yeah. Some of them go in anyway, but I just wanna make sure that No. You know? Yeah. Actually, I'm like, hey. This isn't a week. Mhmm. To this. So Love that. Love it. Okay, guys. Awesome. Thank you much. Miss Noona. Hello. Hello, my girl. Alright. So Hi, my girl. Tracy? Here at my office. I almost put your goggles. Okay. Three four shifts. Per her soul, you know, have the TV on and then Yeah. In Kitch Town, and there were one cabin. And that was just so Yeah. Between Mike and Kayla being so sweet. Oh, I know. Right? Just dancing. Yeah. You're gonna be at prom. Oh, let me you just pop. Oh. I was looking over at you. I'm like, how many cups you need? A lot of them. But What do you got going on in each other? This is, like a doctored up water. This is coffee. This is room temperature water. This is tea. And I do want them all here. Yeah. Yeah. This makes me feel better because I usually have at least two going. Yeah. So at least I'm not the only bougie bag. Oh, no. For real. I'm like, no. I think it's like n one. And y'all you know what? Going to Florida, you know what I'm buying? Those, lightly flavored spring bubbly waters. But I doted them up. I'm doing, like, lemon juice and some pineapple juice. I was like, okay. I could do it because I really like the bubbly. I had it and I put some things in. I was like, oh, I like that bubbly. Have you ever used the, crystallized I think it's called tru lemon or tru lime, like, packets? They look like a sweet and low, but it's just dehydrated crystallized lemon. Shut up. I ain't never heard of that. And those go way better in sparkling water than even Shut up. Where you get them at? I get them at Walmart. I'll send you the link. Please. Because I love lemon. I'm oh, I got I stock up on lemon juice from Sam for two things. No. This is like, a better lemon than the lemon juice. Please send me that. Cooking. I'll put, like, the granulated lemon on it. It spreads better than lemon juice. What? I use the brown kind of thing. Okay. Awesome. Thank you. Hello. Welcome to the world of bubbly water. Oh, no. I see it now.