So I was like, oh, wow. I wish I I wish I would have been aware of that Yeah. In the meeting because I think that's what Curtis was asking. But, you know, I wasn't thinking about it in the lines of lines of, ministry. Yeah. Yeah. You know, remember I said my No. I know. I know. Yeah. Yeah. So so after I was this this last Yeah. I I had ladies bell say last night, but, you know, times in between, I was contemplating that idea of ministry Yeah. And the ending racism ministry. And you said, what was the question you where and where I can't remember the question exactly, but the idea was where in ministry is the application of Yeah. God is giving you grace. Yeah. So, you know, usually that's associated with something you shouldn't be carrying, something that you're bearing, something that, you know, some weakness, and that sort of thing. So I started thinking in terms of those those thoughts, and, this vision came to my mind of a car. And the car so the car, you can, wash. You can take through a drive through. Looks good. You can Mhmm. You know, pick up all the trash. Mhmm. So it looks good. And you can, you know, even wax it. Yeah. And and it looks good. Yeah. But but going on in the under the hood Yeah. Is different. That's the truth. You know, like, what does under the hood look like? Yeah. So it was so amazing because I realized I was carrying a lot of stress about, you know, there's someone coming behind me that's gonna go under the hood. That's a real stress. Yep. No. That's real stress. So I was like, wow. I didn't even know that I was carrying that stress and I just felt a flood of grace come in that you know what? It doesn't matter. It doesn't. It doesn't matter. Now every leader has that though. So like Is that right? Oh, yeah. That's the normal. That's it. They're the ones who that's actually well, it's normal if you care for what you were leading. Yeah. For sure. The only time I've seen it not happen is when either the person just never cared or the grace left a long time ago and they are so burned out. They have no feelings about it. Okay. Okay. Such a leader as you, I don't know. You you you are gonna I feel That makes sense. The the scariest thing when I leave any context of ministry is what will it be said of me when they let them feel better when I'm gone. Yes. Oh, 100%. Oh, you do feel it? Where where are they gonna be able to I know. Dig because I know. I know. Not human, but I know. And it's it's all comes up. My eyes are like, alright, Lord. Well, they're gonna see I I I was still an imperfect leader. And I'm scared of you, but I I'll be the first one to admit that. Yeah. Yeah. And what was funny is this was coming these thoughts were coming to me. And I had, like like, ridiculous attacks of shame last night That's right. While I was sleeping. Oh, such a nice round. I mean, it was like, wow, this couldn't be any more closely related. These are not this is not No. No. No. This is not a coincidence. No. And so because it was preceded by that vision of a car and the grace that came in. I was like, no. Yep. Nope. Nope. Nope. No. That's your system. Yeah. So thank you. Oh, no. Thank you. And I told Pam, that is a typical meeting. So stand by. And then, yep. She said, Now Pam says to us, like, it it is. It really is. By by god's grace, what what the lord has built here, what we do is real and consistent. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So so, the other part, you know, I've been carrying that grief about leaving. I definitely am keenly aware of that I've got this heaviness. You know, you can move forward. Mhmm. You can, you know, walk, work Yep. Interact, be present, but that, you know, heaviness. So the other heaviness that I'm carrying, of course, is for my my daughter. I know. And, How was Christmas? It was You know I've been yearning to hear. I was like, I can't wait to get to you. I just wanna hear him just It was it was, on one end, as good as I think it could have possibly gone. Yeah. Considering everything. Yes. Yeah. And then on the other end, it actually increased my grief. Yeah. And, for, you know, various reasons. One is, so Pete and I, you know, we we are completely aware and always cognizant of something that you are as well, our brokenness. Like like, we Yeah. Are so aware of that. Yeah. And we also are aware that by god's by God's character, we are loved, valued, and so every person is in the same boat. Yeah. You know, we're all broken and everybody is worthy of dignity and love. So we've lived this out. Yeah. This is something that the girls have, you know, witnessed in our lives because it's real. So he and I had no worries about how we were gonna treat Joey. Yeah. That wasn't gonna be a problem. So in that aspect, it went as well as could be expected. Like, we had fun. We, you know, one of the, so we had Christmas with our two daughters. Our daughter's roommate, Joey, Kimberly's Mhmm. Boyfriend, and, and a friend who's from Belgium of my daughter's. She's on a work visa. And they met when my daughter first moved there and they've been good friends ever since. So anyway, we we all spent the entire time together. Okay. And did various things together. Anyway, she said, she told Amy that was the best Christmas she'd ever had. So that was the level to which we were all enjoying Christmas. Oh, that's a grace. Yeah. It was good to know. It really is. Came across that way and that we always Oh, that's good. The same thing. I mean, I'm not surprised because I agree. I'm confident you're gonna always walk in settings with a level of humility. Yeah. So I'm never wondering that. But but regardless of what we walk in with, you never know what that translates to on the other side. Right. And so we got some feedback. Yes. We felt it, and we got some feedback. So I feel pretty good about that. Before Joey got there, we we got the talk, and our two daughters sat us down. And, I'm not sure exactly what provoked it except that, early on before my youngest daughter got off work, I accidentally called Joey a she. And so I think that's what prompted this conversation that she began to wonder if this was a good idea to have Joey join, if it was too soon for us. Mhmm. How Joey would be treated, you know. So we we had this conversation and she, so she basically was wanting two things. One, not to talk about homosexuality at all, which we had already agreed to Yeah. Mhmm. From the fallout. A 100%. And we both spoke into that. And, and then the other was to not make that mistake. Yeah. And I said, well, well, I didn't say much. By then, Pete and the girls were talking a lot. And, and he he just said, I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I could be true. He was trying to make this true. True to himself, true who lives inside of him, and do that. And, I mean, he he got some tears coming out. Yeah. And, my older older daughter said, well, you know, do you wanna do you wanna pray about that? So we just stopped and he prayed, and then he said, okay, I think I can do that. And then I said, well, I'll probably just always refer to Joey as Joey. Yeah. And she said, there are situations where that will be very obvious. And she was asking me not to do that. So, you know, that was super discouraging to have this this conversation. Why? I'm not quite sure. Just another facing another reality of it. Yeah. You know? Like, I would rather rather not think about it. I'd rather Yep. Is this a reminder It's a reminder. Of how real it is. Yes. Yes. That's what was discouraging. And then, and, but what happened was when Joey arrived, this is where the grief came in. It was clear that Joey had done more invasive stuff to be a man. Okay. Because you you have seen Joey in person? No. In a picture. In a picture, baby? Yeah. And very good for you. Okay. And the the facial features Mhmm. Made me go, is Joey a girl? And Pete said, I wanted to see what your reaction was because Yeah. I had lunch, and I was wondering the same thing. Okay. Yep. That was a mystery. Okay. Good. And then, when Joey arrived, it was very easy to call him ahead because his voice was deep. He had curly arm hair, curly leg hair. Oh, clearly presenting as That's a boy. Yeah. Meaning, he's he's done some Yeah. Advanced work like gotten Mhmm. All the meds, all those. Yep. Yeah. And probably a breast removal. Mhmm. You know, but Yeah. I don't know for sure. So that really wrecked me. It does. Naturally. That I And I said godly grief. Yeah. I just I was like so saddened by that. That's the tension that I have found myself in when you know someone is going it's like this this is the narrow way. Yep. Yep. And we're doing this all the time. Yep. And the shepherd hook is always helping us, you know, get back. That's the holy spirit moving us in that direction. So, you know, like I said, I have respect for the journey. Yeah. But when someone's doing this And doubling down on it. I've I've noticed the longer It's it's a dangerous the Yeah. It's dangerous the more consequential. And so that's what was so grieving to me. It's like, Joey, you can't go backwards. That's appropriate grief. Yeah. It was it was really hard to to have fun and be sad at the same time. Because you have the heart of the father in you. You do. Thank you. That's appropriate grief. You support a Christian should not not feel that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So that's how Christmas went. So you are bearing the marks and sufferings of Jesus as Paul said he did. One of the marks of a Christian walk is the the more mature you get, the longer you go when you walk with them. It actually is you are more aware of the marks of suffering you've been. Yeah. I I believe that one. So for sure. I, you know, one of my, spiritual mentors said the longer you're in heart of God, the more bipolar you become. You really do. You feel it. You really do. The eyes are higher and the clothes are lower. You're that much more aware of sin and brokenness. Both in you and around. You you know what I'm saying? You'd be like, you really yeah. That that's just real. That's what it feels like. Yeah. So that's how that went down. Okay. So as you came back here well, I mean, but, you know, who's probably said, Bill? Because as we're talking, I remember, when we were beginning to talk about Aaron. And then surgeries and all that. Right? And, worthy of grief. But but your posture now is uniquely calm while bearing grief. I just want to name that. Right? I just and I do think there's a beauty there's a a a beautiful marriage of I am not less sad. I'm actually more sad, but I'm also more resolved in Christ in my sadness. And I feel that for me. Thank you. I feel that for me. Appreciate that. Start giving up in that hopelessness. Yeah. There's not I don't feel hopelessness. That's close. I know to you, it feels like that. It's close. No. I I I, yeah, I still I mean, what else can I do? I think that's the place that I'm at. It's like where we all get to the end of End of yourself. Yourself. And what else can we do but fall on the mercy of the Lord? That's it. And go from there. Yeah. So that's where My heart does break, for you. I just need to keep saying that you're not feeling wrong for each other. Feeling the right things. Thank you. And I hate that those are those are scary feelings. There is a there there are evil things in this world. And there's a level of confusion of the enemy that, and I'm and I'm seeing it round both in the church, outside of church. I'm seeing seismic kind of displays of of sin and evil for to families in our church. And you just recognize that, man, you just gotta cling to Jesus. And sometimes, like, you don't have these answers. This life does not give you these answers. You've got just clinging to Jesus. And so I just wanna keep naming your clean, dead, and well, and I still grieve with you. Thank you. Appreciate it. And then let's see. I took some notes. You guys go for the other one. Let's see. Oh, this was a fun one. In the past couple of weeks Yep. Both my mom and Pete mentioned something. I probably was somewhere out of town because I didn't get this hear this sermon. But my mom mentioned it, and then Pete always always watches the sermon that points Mhmm. With United if he's in a hotel on a Sunday morning. Yeah. And they both said that you mentioned that you would in your dreams, you'd like to be a Viking. Oh, yeah. So I don't know if you know this, but Icelanders are Viking. Yeah. You are. Yeah. I do know that. That's why they they Yes. Put onto that phrase Yes. And both of them told me that. That's so funny. I have not made a connection to this moment. Yes. And then yesterday, before you came in the room, we were talking about Golden Girls Yeah. The show. Yes. I don't know if you caught any of it. But at some point, somebody was talking about how nobody really wanted to buy off on this writer's idea Mhmm. Of a sitcom about older people. And they said, you know, nobody's gonna be interested Yeah. In that. And then it exploded. Yeah. And Melissa said, the reason it exploded is because old people can say things that other people can't, and it falls on people's ears differently Yeah. When an older person says that. So my mom didn't know any of that. We have our standing FaceTime Mhmm. Date on Fridays. Yep. So we were chatting, and she mentioned, the the sermon again. Yeah. Or she actually asked me if I had mentioned it to you yet. And I said, oh, no. I'd forgotten. And she said, well, I could be his cousin in his dreams. I will take that. And we busted up laughing I love it. Because that is the classic old person sentence that you would never say, anyway And I love that's the kind of life of where I live. I won't be around people who say that. But when you're old, you can say anything. That. She just thought that was really priceless. It is priceless. You tell her she can. Yes. I'll tell her. Want it. Okay. I'll tell her. I want her to be my cousin. So but, yeah, we have quite a history of being vikings. So That is so it is so true. I know. And I can't even tell you why I I've just always been drawn. That's why I like I I have this picture Shelly had for me to say my back. I look I'm like, man, as fake as it is, I'm looking at one of the truest expressions of parts of my soul on this picture. Okay. It's really make Like, I I like I feel it. Right. Where I was like Is it the is it the, like, strength, the raw power, the what is it that I'm I'm always I'm always asking that because I have such despairing things that draw me. Like, I I thought it was like, yeah. There's so many random things that draw me. That one what is it, man? There is alright. How I experience is there is this raw grit, like, a survival endurance. That fits totally with, Mike's definition of you. Yeah. And I I so I feel Yeah. The grittiness of them and the I mean, when it comes to black, like, it's a life of hard. It's like it's not like, it's not a life of ease. It's just it's like a life of conquer. Like Totally. You have to conquer to not be conquered. Right. Right? And so I would say and there are certain things that, that I feel I said, oh, that's at some degree, that's a core part of the image of God in me. Right? Animals do it to me. I I tell people, like, no. That's a core. You ask me animals make me feel like I'm in Genesis one and two. Wow. I would say Viking is the same way. Like, I feel the the dirtiness of having to cultivate. And those obviously in a whole different sphere of life, but I feel like, oh, no. That's that's that's as natural out of me as just waking up on a Wednesday. I don't. Feel that's what I'm called to do. That's amazing. Yeah. That's a really good description of a Viking as well. You know, even the people, the average people from that whole genetic train, are hardy people. They are. They live a hard life. They are hardy people of a culture. That's real. In a hard environment. Yeah. And if they're hardy for sure, I think that's a good description. That's that's what I am. Yeah. Conquer or be conquered. Yep. And the the determination, like like, nothing stops them. 100%. Yeah. If they want it, they go for it. 100%. Like like, why why can't you I was like, yep. That's that's a ignorant, illogical confidence. They gotta well, I wake up and I feel that, and I have a couple of sons who feel that. And I was like, yeah. That's just in us. That's just in us. Is that a little bit of Kai? Oh, yeah. Kai and Chase. Okay. They have it. When we wake up, there is a I will take I will conquer this world, and I can be whatever I want. And even though I know I can't, no one can answer the question negatively until I prove you. Yeah. And I won't even believe it's negative until I truly fail. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. That's so amazing. It's so interesting. I think I don't know if he's the world weightlifter or the world wrestler, but it's Thor. Like, a guy named Thor. Is he the weightlifter? No. He's a Marvel character. No. No. Not Thor. Not the Marvel character. A real person. Oh, no. Yeah. I think he did not land it. You better shut your mouth. Or Nordic. Well, I'm gonna explore him. Yeah. He's like either the world heavyweight or not heavyweight, but the weightlifting Thor weightlifting. Yeah. Thor weightlifter. There you go. The world's Icelandic. Yeah. Greatest the one who can carry carry the greatest weight. That's real. He's a Viking. I know. I know. So that sounds like you. They inspire me. I wanna be that. But but I do know, and I like movies and shows that even reading and listening to things like that because, there's one show, because all their stuff is gritty. So that means like, hey. You you you have to be okay with a level of grit and darkness because their world was dark. It was dark. Right? Like, I was like, so it's not for everybody to watch. It's it's a dark world, but that is just their reality. But I love that in the middle of these dark stories, you find one who lives in this tension of hard and soft, who is conquering but yet wrestling to be aware of humility and humanness. And I'm always drawn to that character. And who is that? In one show a guy named Ragar. And he's a Viking. Yeah. That sounds like an Icelandic name. Yep. Yep. Yep. Okay. And I and I'm just drawn Yeah. To him. Very similar, like, so remember a long time ago, even though it's completely different, story lines, when we did a staff thing and we were using creative things to express who we are and values, whatever, I use Wolverine. Wolverine is a Marvel character. I would say Wolverine is not Viking. Thor is Marvel more Viking, but I and I'm drawn to Thor as well. But but, Wolverine was the most intense expressions of a man of grit, strength, and internal wrestling. And as strong as he is, he's also very wicked human, and he's always aware of both. Okay. He's always aware of a story that made him who he is, that he didn't like, and yet a strength he's used to bring good with. Wow. That's awesome. Yeah. That sounds that sounds holy. Yeah. Yeah. Because I'm I'm picturing a viking spirit Yeah. Under the power of the holy spirit, would be pretty amazing. A viking spirit without the holy spirit would be could be pretty destructive. And Okay. You said word for word what I've always known in my life. Okay. Okay. Before Christ, I was a Viking without the spirit. Yeah. And that could be It it it it's utterly I tell you, no. No. It's utterly destructive. Yeah. Like, you you there's a part of your humanity you have to choose to to die. Yeah. Which you shouldn't. So that means that shows you the dysfunction. You know? So you said it. So I feel like walking with Jesus, I I I came to the Lord and I was really nervous because I have I felt I've always felt like the abiding spirit is just natural to me. So there's nothing that I feel wrong about. It's like, no. No. You gave it to me. When I wake up, I feel this. So when I when I'm looking at the at Christian, I'm like, well, they are boring. They are lame. Right. That's why I'm on a mission field. Like, I'm gonna go if I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna go where hard things are. I cannot be cooped up in a local church wrestling over comfort things. Right? And but the and I've just had lunch with one of our high school student a college student now. And I was telling him he's he's wired with a denture, and I said, and the lord taught me how the Christian walk is probably the closest thing to adventure and even viking like that I could have ever imagined. It's so true. It it just really it touch it touches my vikingness and it feels like, oh, it gives me nothing but room for it. Yeah. So Yeah. No. I agree with you. I agree with you on that. I I remember my, non believing nephew was telling his believing younger brother that he needed to go travel. And the argument was, you know, because that's the only way he's gonna get adventure. And I was like, oh, man. You just have no idea. You have no idea. You have no idea. I'm telling you, I was like, I I I would have been that fool. I was like, because you have no idea if if you ask. Yeah. You'd be amazed with the Lord. And the image you'll be on. But yeah. Okay. That's great. I know that was Kaden. I love that. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I love that he met with you. Let's see. What else did I think about? Let's see. Oh, yeah. Two two or maybe three things. One is I'd love to hear more about the word broken, that you used many times yesterday in the staff meeting. The broken are coming. What are we gonna do with the broken? How are we gonna deploy the broken? Yeah. Can we be comfortable with not knowing? Are you some of the summary sentences? A 100%. Yeah. Oh, 100%. I don't know. I was thinking that you were you were talking about that. So I I wanted to hear what you envision when you say the word. Well, so funny. Oh, well, when I say the word broken, alright. Yeah. Because I use it very broadly, try to cover stories that I'm entrusted with. Right? So when I say broken as in, man, the lord is entrusting me to sit with men and women. I'm in this, I'm in a season where it's a lot more women who, the kind of turmoil, trauma, betrayal, and dysfunction has caused a curvature in their development. Yeah. I can relate to that. So they come into even the well, like like, there's one where I would say, man, she makes me really nervous. I love her dearly. But if you she can be so loving, but if you touch the the wrong spot, she's coming for your throat. Yeah. I just I know a woman exactly like that in our church. But go on. So I'm sitting with them and but and and as as a where I am as in the lord isn't trusting me to walk with them as a cure in brokenness, and they're showing up with it. And it's scary and they're someone cussing me out and I'm like, I gotta keep showing up. So I'm I'm learning one of the lord teaching me how to serve the broken. It ain't just being open to it. You have to be okay with you will be a the broken don't know how to love until they attack first. Not all brokenness, but I'm using it generally. Like, there's a level of trauma where they don't know good. They don't know love. They don't know comfort. And sometimes the good they need is is sometimes harder. So some of these people, I have to deliver hard truth to. And I have to sit with them as they wrestle and even not like me but yet they keep coming back. But at the same time, I'm seeing profound beautiful gifts from the lord. Like I can say, I'm like, I'm just as aware of I am as you are so messed up. That gift is so clear and powerful. I and most of these are clear they got a calling too. And I was like, I don't I don't know how to release you, but I actually can't say you're wrong, but I also can't just release you generally because you're partly schizophrenic. But yet part of you is wrong. So it's a schizophrenic traumatized joy in the Lord, strong gift that's broken. Yeah. That make sense? Yeah. That sounds like me actually. No. I'm I think we're all if you could all fall in that description, but I understand a little bit better. And well, and I would say I'm not look. You you I know why you said that we all and, you know, you and I would agree we all but but we also have to admit that we all don't either because the broken also, I'm talking about is they have not experienced enough measures of I don't even I don't know. Grace experience. I don't know where you know how to walk into a room and function and what we would be socially or even relationally, if not wise, a measure of responsible. I'm talking about brokenness where they don't actually I mean, they they walk into your room. You don't you you may not want them to walk into your room. Right? Yeah. I I So how that those what I'm wrestling with, and I and I feel like I gotta wrestle because I'm like, lord, I can't just release. Yeah. But if love is truly seen them as family, what are the bricks they are they get to pick up? And then where do I create safety for them? Yeah. Those are hard. You know, I I would say that that is what I meant by relationally immature. Yeah. I know what you meant. I said When you said that, I'm like, yep. That that's They come with stuff. With fixuring. Yeah. They're they're not in a place where they can treat people well all the time. Yep. And it it really causes a lot of problems It just does. Relationally. It just does. Yeah. And then, of course, Jess is was, you know, sort of picturing the same Interesting. Idea that she has this safe place for families. And when we, And we're responsible for them. Yeah. And and and where does she draw the line in terms of yeah. These are really tough questions. I know. Yeah. And so many of them, I was this morning. Can I shower? Because I'm I'm only ever been wrestling with them. I'll do. Lord, what is the misfits ministry? We can call that because nobody was setting up, but it's it's really a ministry of misfits that I would have no problem taking them beyond these four walls, serving the homeless, serve and and not just serving, but giving room to speak truth to homeless or truth to those living hard lives. If you ask me, I'm like, oh, I actually it just hit me this morning. I was like, oh, no. I have some of those context that I would say I could fit those people in there because there's a level of grit that, people in those situations have room of understanding. I I think that used to be the beauty of streetlights, to say the truth. Oh, you know, I know. When we when we started becoming more cohesive Yeah. And developing a sense of community within ourselves, that's when these problems come up. That's what we're doing. But for the longest time Yeah. You could be the biggest mess and show up on Saturday. Never thought. No. Nobody would really even know that. And you could serve in that capacity and be touched and and touch somebody else. I agree with you a 100%. I, street lights was what I thought about because I remember joining the drill. I was like, no. No. No. I know a hot mess of my friends who were in Parkfield, like, with me. So I think it was a version of that Yeah. That but it has to be much more freer, like, hey. Can we Kim has strong bound, like, borders as in strictness. It's like some it's gotta be something with enough room for messiness. Right. But not over the top. There you go. Well, so one thing I would like to you to consider is maybe finding a more definitive definition besides the word broken. Yeah. Just because we are all broken, and I know what you're saying. But if somebody else were to hear it, I I'm afraid they would hear only if you're like that are you broken, but I'm okay or we're okay. That's a good word. Or we're good. And the only reason I I bring that up is because, That's a good word. I think I told you this. You know, we used to call our small group, the land of the misfits, you know. You did tell me. In Texas, our our little life group. Only Pete and I said it to each other. Like, we didn't Yeah. We didn't let everyone else know that we thought we were all misfits, but but we just recognize, you know, every one of us has a Yep. Yep. And then, but I think I don't know if I told you this story, but I was, you know, called into the education office at First Baptist, and I was asked various questions. And finally, the question was, who do you consider your people? Yeah. And I said, well, if you're asking me who I feel best around Yeah. I would say it's people who recognize they're broken. That's who I feel best around. And then I was then I was asked, oh, that's what we thought. Would you be willing to take the broken people in your life group? Can we send them to you? And what it really revealed to me That's right. Is the people who were asking me that question didn't see themselves as broken. That's a good word. It's bad. And I it was so discouraging to me. I love you and I love your heart. Thank you for this. Yeah. Would you serve would you be able to serve me? Would you start throwing out, even right now, words or phrases? Because you and I are aligned with what I mean. Yeah. So I'm and I really just mean brainstorming. Not you gotta get something right. But we are in the right the same wavelength. So just start throwing out what would land with a little bit more because you're broken is too broad. Right. And you're not wrong. Mhmm. Because we know we're all broken. Yeah. That's a good question. You know, you mentioned they don't have the awareness or the capacity to even understand Yeah. Where they're at or Yeah. How they're coming across or Yep. You mentioned a dent in the armor, the trauma that caused Yep. I mean, I became a different person when the most traumatic thing that happened to me in in life, which I I believe you can't live long enough. Yeah. I mean, if you live long enough, you will experience something that Something. Yep. Alters. Yeah. God's original You just will. Design. Some of this little seismic, which you've experienced. Yeah. And I became a different person that took quite a bit of time, which is what you're saying. Yeah. How can we be like the Lord who gives us ample time and opportunities That's good. To become who he originally designed us to be. Yeah. Which it, you know, me was open, loving, trusting. I was None of that. Closed. You mean, you're telling my story too. Yeah. So I don't trust nobody. Right. And I feel like you And you feel the antitheticalness of it. You're like, I know it's not true of the lord, but I feel like I have to be this way. Yeah. And I I What would you describe you before then? In that moment of pain, what would you have said to someone? Tell me who you are. Before or after? Before. How would you describe the love of brokenness? Carefree. No. I mean, after the brokenness. Oh, after Yeah. Yeah. After the trauma. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. Closed Yep. Hiding Yep. Untrusting Yep. Was probably the biggest one. Untrusting. I was on guard all the time. No. It it really is. Constant. Constant fight or flight mode. There was no way I was ever gonna entrust myself to anyone ever again. Mhmm. Okay. And but for the Lord and the work of the Holy Spirit, would I ever be able to I know. That's real. Return to who he Oh, only that's desired me to be. This is why I love Jesus. Yeah. This is actually a this is why I named it Garden City. If you ask me why it's like when I met Jesus, I didn't I couldn't understand general Christians. The way they were talking, I was like, they're talking they're talking about simple issues. Lord, I'm coming to you. So I I I'm coming to you a dead man who is evil. Because of pain and trauma, I turn bad and dark. So whatever they're talking about, it doesn't fit me, and I remember starting to read a book. And I remember this is author of J. I. Packer, and he framed it as Christianity is just you becoming truly human again. Yeah. And you were made to be. Right? I feel like there's a gap between me and the the real Curtis. That's right. Well and that fits with scripture. It says it says that, we were born. We were we were what's the word? The verse, dead in our sins. Yep. We are walking dead people. Yep. In our sin or someone's sin perpetrated against us. You know? Like, it doesn't matter. Yep. It's really the source. It really does. Just that And you don't know, but yeah. And we come into the world in a dysfunctional family. We come into the world in a broken relationship with our father. Like, so everyone is dysfunctional. Yeah. And everyone experiences it to some degree. That's good. And I don't even think, you know, well, I'm not gonna say all that. But No. No. Keep saying it. Well, I was gonna say that, you know, even the best family life, you get to a point within yourself, you have to face That it's the reality that you are dead in your sin, whatever it is. You know, even in the best Even in the best in the best of them. You know, but the people that have experienced large trauma are almost underwater. Just a You know what I mean? It's the seismic trauma where you're not even floating. Yeah. You you are actually, you've been drowning. You know, you've been under the water for a while. You just don't know it. It. Right. Yeah. So That no. That's good. That's good. Yeah. Because under the water, it's constant survival and fight of as in everything in you is trying to get back to air, but you don't Yep. You don't know how. Yep. Yeah. That's beautiful. Look at you going out these doors blessing me. Tell me, I don't tell the truth. But, oh, the God. You are so funny. Well, I do know, how wonderful it is to just have a conversation with somebody and things things just start, like you said. Yeah. Thank you. Let's just brainstorm this. Let's just throw start throwing out Yeah. Because because oh, no. When you said, I was like, oh, you're right. You're right. That's it's not it's not best to use that. That it leaves too much room for misunderstanding confusion. Cause just too big of too big of a junk drawer. Cause they're like, no, I'm not talking about general book. And if we all that I'm talking about when there's some people that when they wake up, you have to keep an eye on how you're helping them order their steps. Right? Yeah. And I'm and I'm, and I actually felt honored by the Lord that I get to walk with them. So that's why I feel their burden like, alright, Lord. I need them to feel like they could they're feeling it in my presence, but what does that look like for the general family? Yeah. You know? So listen. And the verse that, is coming to my mind is, you know, Paul talking about how this calling and the gifts are irrevocable. Irrevocable. You know, we're born. That's it. You see them. You're like, yeah. You are a mess, but girl. Yeah. No matter what you're like, you got that calling. You got that. There's a distance. She is prophetic, a hot mess. Confused at the wazoo. I've had some pretty intense kind of trauma breakdowns even in the context of your ministry, but yet so beautifully gifted and has a true heart of the father. Like, you can feel it. Like, it's like Well, I'm gonna give you an example. Go ahead. You know, this is so, you know, I don't know. So so basically, you know, the most traumatic thing that happened to me was my dad took took us from my mom. Yep. And I wasn't expecting it, and he never returned us. Yeah. And I, you know, just realized, wow. I I can't trust anyone. Like, I can't trust my dad, so therefore, I can't trust anyone. I know. And, you know, it made me very, very untrusting. And it was a pattern. It wasn't just the first thing. Yeah. But it was a pattern. To prove it, like a rut. Yeah. Just In his life, I would be thinking one thing, and something else dramatically different would be true. Yeah. So I became very skeptical skeptical and untrusting of everyone. Yeah. And, I I know. I felt that when I first came here. Like, I don't know if I I don't know if I trust you. You were kind, but you didn't. That's so funny. So, you know, I I don't think that's true about you. I was skeptical of, oh, I wonder if that can really happen. No. I know. But not you. I believe that. Actually, I was I do believe that. I don't believe that. Because even that's why I was saying, I never felt per I never felt it personal. Yeah. Personal. Yeah. But if there was a side eye, mhmm. Yeah. I would be having it. I would be the one with it. Yeah. But, anyway, I so mix that picture picture what this would be like. So somebody who is on guard Yeah. Flight Yeah. Not trusting. Yeah. And I would add another thing. I I had a nice titanium walled safe. Yep. Naturally. And I would just go in it. I'm not coming out. Yeah. And, so, you know, that's sort of the what's going on inside of me. Plus, I have the gift of discernment. Yep. So now can you picture this? I I know. I feel like The the mess I know. Of me knowing Yes. Something about you. 100%. You could feel it. Yep. But you are not even aware of it. Yep. And I Oh, man. Am not I'm not Man, man. Person. I think you're lying to me. Man. I think you are you're you're not a person worth trusting, that you are deceiving me, that you're lying because I have the gift of discernment, but I'm broken. Shout. And not living according to Yeah. Under the power of the Holy Spirit, but under my flesh. Yeah. Which is self preservation and survival. And so it was a mess for a long time. I really yep. I had no idea that this person didn't know what I knew about them. And I think they were lying. You know somebody that I didn't I have no idea. They did not know. I was so clear about them, and they had no clarity on it. They didn't, but I thought they were lying to me and deceiving me. So I just thought the whole world was liars and deceivers and couldn't be trusted, and I couldn't get close to anyone because they would be lying to me. And isn't that terrible combination? That's sort of what you're talking about. Somebody who's got a gifting and a calling and I mean, I did the They come in with their broke They come over the broke. They're like, yep. And they don't trust. You'd be like, yep. You do not. You you hate me, but you don't want to. Yeah. Like, I feel like you really don't want to, but Yeah. You can't help but to. Yeah. So, you know, I picture somebody say they have a gift of prophecy. What would that look like on steroids of a flesh? It would look like them telling everyone what to do. Oh, yeah. I mean, that's my control everything? That's why I said that that's my story. Yeah. So, like, that that's that's what you're worried about is how do you unleash That's the little bit what I'm worried about. Like, I know the gift, and I know I wanna leave room for the the mistakes of the gift, but it I can't put you to start preach a sermon, and I can't even have you teach a class, and I definitely won't have you leading kids. But what but I gotta do I just What can I do? Yeah. Well, because To to part of it also is I I think the journey towards that will always be hard and messy because it's never predictable and and and safe. But I I at least always wanna stay stay in that tension of wrestling because I do feel like the church is always I said that church as in local expressions. Our hours are half a step away from from protecting their comfort or protecting what they define as what their experience at church should be. Mhmm. And I feel like if a church isn't at least on a regular basis wrestling with the most organic earthy expressions of scripture that welcomes well, I don't know what to do with that, but it's true. Mhmm. Then I feel like we're we're we're already drifting to a dead church. Yeah. This might take decades, but we're already drifting there. Yeah. So that so I'm wrestling through things where I I know we I probably will not have, like, an organized answer anytime soon. I have to figure out, okay, what's my personal expression? How do I bring them alongside in tight community where they can feel that freedom, but yet tightness with me? Because certain people know, well, I'm I I can I'm comfortable to tell you to sit down, and most people have no idea what you do with that kind strength. Mhmm. Until I figure out organizationally What what's our stand? What's our stand? So Yeah. Well, just the fact that you say, I'm in detention. I don't know, is is is part of your rare gem. Seriously. And so that is even if we just stayed there Yep. It would be Yeah. Closer to the body of Christ than That's what I feel. Yeah. If you ask me what I feel, it's like, I don't need the lord. I don't have a burden from the lord. I gotta fix it right away. Mhmm. I have a burden. I gotta I gotta stay in the wrestle. Yeah. So my I brought this up yesterday, but, you know, nobody knew what my personal background was with it. But, you know, I said it's it's it the challenge is, you know, sort of relating to what Jess was saying, you know, release someone and give them a feel to Yep. Play and experience life in Christ. But but we are the yeah. We're in the boundaries. And it can be big. Yeah. And, what happens it. That to me, like, let's get them going and in a mess. Yeah. But I've encountered, There are people who don't know. And you you do have to release those. I would I would say, obviously, you're gonna lovingly slow to it, but I'd I've been there enough where I was like, actually, I have enough versions to say I can't keep releasing rebellion. Okay. Yeah. Because I I'm concerned about the person who's not willing to grow. Yeah. I'm not concerned. Reason. I'm not concerned that, that's who I'll be freeing. No. Yeah. That that's my it's like, wow. If somebody's not responsive I mean, basically, I feel like the way Jesus knew who is his Yeah. Or they would he they responded to his words. 100%. And so 100%. Yeah. So if someone's not going to Do you have any leaders in your team that's like that? Well, I have one because you keep tiptoeing around some things. I wonder you got names that you should be laming. Well, you know, I had two people leave the church because of street lights. Yeah. The couple? The original couple that you had interacted with, Joel and, Suzanne. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. And, you know, she I could everyone not everyone, but, you know, people could see that she was sort of stuck in unforgiveness. Yeah. And it was very difficult Yeah. That's right. To interact with her to, you know, increase anyone's grace or understanding or increase her grace or understanding. Yep. She she literally just couldn't get past Yep. Her past. Yep. And so, you know, eventually, we got to a place where Jessica Yeah. Had to. Said, this is as far as you can go, and they left. And, and then the other couple, was Janice. Janice and John. Oh, yeah. And so what, Janice? Oh, do they use the card? I mean, they No. They don't come here. They they go to a different church. And she originally told me they were going to a different church because we were growing, and she has a perfume sensitivity. So she went back to her old church, wherever that was, smaller. So they have officially in Woodbeck? Yeah. They haven't been here in a long while. I do. Yeah. So so as I'm interacting with her, what's happening is it's it's just very clear that she is stuck on the negative. Whatever whatever you wanna however you wanna put it. You know, most of the time when that happens, it's usually because the person's unhappy with themselves. 100. So, you know, just gently sort of interacting with her. Well, it started spilling into every area that she was in. It did. It did. And then it was, Girl. I don't know. It was so sad. She it then it turned into it was it was so big in her that it was spilling out of her mouth in many different context, and people were coming to me and telling me what she was saying. And I was like, man, we we just can't have this this this undercurrent of complaint and Okay. In a group like this. And so I actually called her in, and, so Jessica called Suzanne in, but I called. And she's you. And, it was a very challenging conversation. But could you be a conversational? Yes. But, so, you know, we were I basically, I addressed all of her concerns. I I gave her an opportunity to tell what her concerns were, and she felt unheard. And she had this, this, this, and this to say, that she was unheard. And I said, well, my bad. I never circled back with you. I heard everything that you said that I made this decision. I made this decision. I made this decision. I made this decision, which was opposite of, you know, what it was. Yeah. And she Yeah. She thought but I heard her. You know? And Mhmm. So, you know, really working to, you know, reconnect with her. And then, you know, I said, hey. You know, let let me take this hat off. Street lights. And now just. I didn't know she was she like Well, she worked in the pantry. Yeah. Yep. And him and her were always in contact. Oh, shut up. Yeah. Look at job. You know? Yeah. All kinda drama happened to me. You all don't know about it. I'm like, what are you talking about? Yeah. I know. Always. And I don't even know that's Bad. Actually, thank you, Lord. Look at that. Look at you. I got good leaders like you. So, anyway, I I said, let me take this hat off, and now just friend to friend. Tell me tell me how you're feeling. Like, what what's going on inside? You know, tell me about that. That's good. Oh, door shut. She left, never came back. So I I, you know, hit that nerve or hit that place. And you release them to the Lord's feet. Yep. And I just had to let her go to that. But, anyway, I have another one, another scenario, really worked. Had several opportunities to bring about healing in this scenario. But clearly, the one of the two people were not ready or capable Yeah. Of bridging. That's right. Yeah. And and so those are my concerns. It's like you you give you give the Well, what do you mean your concerns of what? That they will be released to do more? Not released to do more, but what do we do with the people who say no? Oh, that that's not what I can define as broken. That's rebellion. Well, okay. I was gonna say, I was saying those are separate. That's just different. Okay. Like, if you constantly say, no. That's not the like, you can be you can be saying it because of trauma, but we're still dealing with something too totally different. Well, I'm saying those where even in moments when they are fighting back, I am regularly met with man, I I really am sorry. Okay. Wonderful. Yeah. Like, I'm really sorry, and I'm grateful. Like, one lady sent me a message this morning, like, hey. Thank you. Yeah. Because you're you're you're you're saying hard truth Yeah. That's healing. But it's And I'm sorry. It's hard for me to hear it sometimes, and I respond. Okay. But please don't pull back. Yeah. So no. No. So when I'm talking about broken, I'm talking about the state of their trauma. Positive reaction. Yes. But Not their state of their response, a constant response to leadership. That's totally different from me. So their their humility and the way you tell the difference is the the 100%. 100%. Humility. Like, I'm not confused. It's only come completely come against like, I don't know. But, again, I'm always gonna everyone needs patterns. Everyone needs not just one to, like, oh, no. We see a pattern. Okay. Let let me respond to the pattern. But that's not this. Okay. They underneath that has this, but that's not I'm not giving more room for gifts on rebellion. I'm giving more room for humble owning of both trauma and gifting. Yeah. Okay. Well, I'm I'm that is very clarifying for me as as a person. Yeah. You know, as a leader, not not in this scenario. But, That's why I have no problem with everything you said. Like, oh, no. You shouldn't have done anything different. Yeah. Okay. Because I you know, that was the that's what I was picturing in the room yesterday. It's like, wow. You know? We're about to let everybody all these people go. Well, we're about to get give give, you know, give opportunity to all people, but there are gonna be people who 100%. Won't respond. They won't They do not. No. I'll tell you the way I am wired as a leader is I don't mind that discomfort in that room. The reason that that I brought up in that space for a reason. Yeah. No. I'm I'm good with that. Because Go ahead. We primarily as a step as open and as, like, open to brokenness. We are, though, a safe staff. Right? Not not everybody, but a safe. And I I don't even say safe as in wrong safe. No. So right? It's a good safe. A good safe. So for for this the kind of the the what I begin to lean towards is beginning to suggest scenarios that rub against that safety. Right? Mhmm. Because that's where the grip begins to show up over time as you feel that. That's right. So that's it. Now another thing, in my last church, they needed the opposite. They were so gritty and messy. You need you need to act wise Okay. And slow down. Everybody's different. So it's it's it's a it's a coach making your team, like, identifying, what's the general? Even if we have exceptions, what's the general feel? Oh, so let me I'm telling you what the Lord revealing down the road. I'm telling you what he's revealing will make most of us because it makes me and I'm probably the most risk taking in the whole room times two. I can see there's a massive discomfort. Let me go ahead and start to put things in front of us to at least fill up well, I don't even know what he mean, but I don't like it. And I gotta I gotta follow-up and get it. Like, yeah. Nope. I said that way for that reason. Mhmm. No. That's that's good. Yeah. I, I like that. I think that's really healthy. I think it's, you know, keeps us, looking to the Lord instead of ourselves. And, and isn't that the essence of grace? I mean, how many times will the Lord forgive us? Yep. 70 times seven, which, you know, is not a real number. More like in a perfect Yep. Picture is, they'll forgive us until there's no need to forgive anyone until it's complete, which is what we should be doing with everyone else. Yep. But it requires It requires. The the humility of the person. It does. It does. And the way to ask for for the back to, like, if you pick all the pieces that says, like, oh, you probably never confuse of, like, alright. Because of my Vikingness, I like I actually I wholeheartedly believe through scripture that growth happens with grit. It does have it with comfort. Unique comfort, comfortable elements around to pour in, but much of growth is a disruption. It's a seed dying. It's a you know what I'm saying? Oh, absolutely. And so and I'm always nervous about leading a safe church. Now I'll tell you because I'm always I'm not nervous about being a safe pastor. I'm nervous about accident leading a safe church because I will because the world the air we breathe in is literally safe safety in in our western. So I'm like, lord, I will actually accidentally portray to them a Christianity. I actually don't think it's true, but I left room for it because I don't rub Mhmm. Discomfort into the soil. Yeah. And that's the way. Now I ain't made for I tell people, hey. I ain't made for everybody. So I'm very I'm very clear on that too. I like, bless you. Everybody ain't made for me, and I ain't made for everybody. We're glad the way that you and me. Oh, okay. I'm glad. I feel loved and seen by you and everyone. I really do. Well, you're you're I mean, you know, we've moved around a lot, and we've been part of a lot of churches because we're in. Yeah. You're just a rare gem. It's just blessing me when I say that. It does. That just thank you. You just gave words that lord, I don't even know what to do with those words, but those are so stabilizing words. Yeah. And I can see how that that would be okay with you Yeah. That you're rare. Yep. That Viking spirit and Yeah. Like I yep. And and yeah. And try try hard not to ever compare yourself to another pastor, please. Because you And as human, I do, we'll have to be careful. Yeah. Uh-huh. It's not the rare gem. It's not the rare gem. I know. But, you know, you brought up the the last sentence you brought up brought, reminded me of some I thought that I had often. And I don't even remember the sentence that you you said, but, I think it had something to do with safe church. Hold on a second. Yeah. You don't ever wanna preach a safe church, or create one or something like that. I can't remember. But there's a phrase that I hear coming from the pulpit sometimes that I it could be the same as broken, the word broken. Like, you're saying it, but it's falling on me Yeah. Differently. Yeah. So, you know, sort of wanted to walk through Let's do that. Your Do that. Well, where is it? It's it's, well, the last time I heard it was through miss, Melissa's sermon. She said something about the story God is writing for you. Yeah. The phrases that go with it are, you you I don't think you've ever said this, but this is a very common phrase that people use. Everything happens for a reason. Yeah. Yeah. I I yep. But you you've you've you've intimated Yeah. God in the mix Yep. Yep. Yep. In whatever. Okay? So so the thing that I wrestle with, which, you know, could be my theology a little messed up Or not. Or not. But the the so going back to everything happens for a reason. Yeah. Yes. Sometimes the reason is god has an enemy. Sometimes the reason is evil. Yeah. Sometimes the reason is Yeah. The reason that happened but when people say that phrase, they're they're trying to connect that to God. Yeah. Or God is writing your story is another phrase. Wait. Wait. Mhmm. I was raped. Did God write that in my story? Like, so there's this, you know, there's an element of free will. There's an element of 100%. A 100%. At work. 100%. So to me, it's so it could be so hurtful Yep. For, say, a woman sitting, in the service Yep. Or anywhere. Not not just the service. But because this is a very common concept saying that I was raped for a reason or I was raped, Yep. It really could be. That God wrote that in my story, where in my opinion this is just my opinion, that's why I say it might not be Yep. It might not be theologically correct. The reason that happened is because somebody participated with evil. 100%. And sinned against another person. 100%. And does that does that matter to God? It matters. It does. So much that his son was he emptied himself and created a son that died on the cross for it. So, like, it matters so much. Yep. It's it's monumental. But did God write that story? Did God did God allow that to happen for for, you know, for some reason? Like, you know, those those are, like, I feel like walking on ice. Yeah. And, you know, for me personally, the way that I reconcile those Yeah. Because I have a free will. Yeah. Well, god never sends that evil. No. He never does. Yeah. Yeah. I'm never wrestled. And and I I say that from to like, hey. What happened? God did not do that. Yeah. And even death. Yep. Even death is not Yep. God's Yep. Design. Yep. It's not his original plan. Yep. Did he know it in advance? Of course, I believe he did. And did he have a plan in advance? Of course, I think he did. Like, you know, that's the part that I bank on is that God promises Yep. I won't be defined by that sin against me. Yep. In fact, I won't even be defined by my sin. Mhmm. He is going to cause some 100%. Good to come from it. That's what I'm banking on Yep. Is him. So I just get a little nervous when I hear phrases Yeah. That about God's sovereignty. What is he sovereign over? Yeah. He is not hindered Yeah. By my sin or your sin He's not. He's not. Or by death. He's not. He's not hindered by any of those things. So, anyway, that has come to my mind a couple of times. I don't know. We may have talked about this already. I actually don't know, have we? Okay. No. If you don't No. Right? I don't know. So one, what what you're saying is every bit of actually, it's it's the the the wrestle that I pray our people feel. Right? So one, actually, no one's ever said that really to me. Like and so when I spend time with women, that's not what they're hearing. Right? But they're hearing what actually went to the rest. So the I I'm and we're we're building this kind of scaffolding. We're we're we become a garden city. Right? And I said By the way, I wasn't raped. I was just using that as an example. I just want you to know. Yep. I just realized Thank you. Did not hear it as true? Okay. Good. And nor was I gonna even ask. I'm like, well, that's I know. Like, no. No. No. I'm good. I'm good either way. Because, really, it's a it's a big box of it's a big box of what do you do when Genesis Genesis three is so loud. Right? Which one which passage is that? Which And I said Genesis three as in sin. Okay. Because that is the doorway of everything we're talking about. Yeah. Rape, tornadoes, whatever. Oh, yeah. Mhmm. So very essence of humanity has always been wrestling with what do we do because this is so true. Right? Yeah. Now part of the building of, a a a narrative framework we'll call biblical theology. It's the language I use so strongly with, with the god connection story is most when I'm sitting with people in counseling and discipleship or evangelism, that that really was a thing at some point. I think it is a thing here and there. Much of the actual tension is God actually is not even connected to a good or bad story. So you don't even so you you actually think you're the whole story and God is just blood just Not in it at all. Stamping it or whatever. I like, oh, no. No. I'm actually trying to be very loud for you to wrestle with what do I do now that God is a story. So I actually I think and so then when, I don't hear that as much, but I actually think that's coming because part when you begin to bring the bigness of god to the reality of Genesis three or I've been looking forward to when we get to I look forward to but part of when we get to Ephesians two is wrestling with the reality of gospel is real, and yet there is this fear there is this fear of functioning that god lets the enemy have in this world. Yeah. He's reigning for one thing. Holy moly. So we then have to wrestle through What does that mean? And I'll say, well, when you walk with the lord, everybody gotta stop at that bad bad stuff at some point. I don't know a human being that at some point doesn't start with, well, what does it mean for my rape? I actually just wanna introduce the topic so that we get there at some point too. Mhmm. Most people, they're they don't walk with the Lord to even think that way. Yeah. And I I I hear what you're saying, and it makes a lot of sense. I remember doing a story, cardboard, you know, testimonies once. And this one woman, had been raped by her dad Yeah. You know, for a long period of time. And she said, oh, golly. God is with me every you know, through the whole thing. Yeah. What? What? You know, that transformed the whole experience. The, you know, another woman Yeah. Would think where where the heck was God? Because she didn't know God was Even available to be part of her story. So I I I see how that would make it dramatically a a big difference, I mean, dramatically different outcome Yeah. Or your effort to try to attach god to their story. Yeah. Yeah. That Well, because it does. It makes it, which I I really long if you I like I really long for us to grow as a church spiritually that means I I do really long for us to not accept easy answers. Yeah. That's great. I actually think if I have more of these conversations, I feel like we're doing the right thing. Yeah. Because I'm not, I'm actually, You do come across that way, Curtis. Oh, thank you. So so I was like, no. I really wanna sit with every young kid or every woman or a man that been raped because we have them. It was like, man, the true thing is God has been pursuing you in this first of a pursuit. It's just to remind you he's been here. Now after that, there are hard conversations. No. But Lord, I know you're here, but not okay. Now if I if I open the door that you're here, then we gotta really talk about some things. Yeah. We do. Yeah. That's actually where grace is. Yeah. And, I mean, faith isn't faith if you know everything. I know. Yeah. So I just think we it's just a it's a reality where that I really want us to have a messy faith and not messy as in, irresponsibly messy, but messy as in my definition of messy is tension. Is, I actually think because relationship is tension. I think we simplify relation with the Lord too far one way or the other, like, completely out of Yeah. Or honestly, unwisely overreaching, like like, what we attribute to God is too much. Yeah. Right? And I was like, actually, if you read the New Testament, you're gonna have to wrestle. If you read this Bible, you're gonna have some words you're like Yeah. Man, Lord, I don't even know what to do with that. Yeah. There are plenty of And I'm longing for us to have those conversations. Yeah. There's plenty of those in the Old Testament too. Yep. Where you go, wow. I know. There's a book called skeletons in the closet. God's skeleton. There's a refer to God's skeletons. Like, what do we do with the hard parts of God through scripture? Yeah. But it's a great book. There's plenty there. Yeah. Are you are you reading? Yeah. Well, no. I'm not, but I can read. Oh, good. Well, it's Robin. I'd be happy to read it. No. I'm not no. No. I'm not gonna say it again to you. Get it. Skeleton Alright. Hold on. I'll I'll I'll I'll pull it up. Send it to me? I will. Yeah. It's Emily. Okay. Because what you're asking was like, oh, you're asking a quick question. You We're not there as a church as in that's a regular conversation. Well, you do consent that up on the Yeah. But what you're asking is like, I don't know. That means you're hearing me. Yeah. And that tension, I that's actually what I want people to hear like Yeah. Wait. Yeah. Because we've satisfied with a superficial view of God that actually doesn't Exist. It it just does. Yeah. So let's get back to Yeah. Like, I rather had these hard conversations. Y'all not talking at all. Yeah. What you do I think that's how you present yourself up there is is you're you're not a man of answers, trying to simplify the gospel. You're trying to open up opportunity for someone to experience a living god in the middle of There you go. Oh, okay. Questions. Flat out, that's it. So you do. But it hey. It's it's with I tell people, like, yep. So when you brought it up, I was like, oh, thank you. You are, like, you're not wrong. I everyone has to wrestle with it. Yeah. Oh, golly. Yeah. Without a doubt. So that means you've been listening to me. Okay. Right? So I was like, well, don't bring that up. So I'm getting other conversations right now, but you ain't wrong for what you're asking. I see what you mean. Yeah. If I wasn't listening, I wouldn't have any questions. Yeah. Yeah. That's a great way to look at it too. So the last thing Yes. I wanted to talk to you about was, you know, a really sad story came out on the news yesterday. Right. And, you probably you probably came across your news news feed, but Philip Yancey, are you familiar with him? He's the author? Yeah. Yeah. He stepped down from wherever he was ministering because he had an eight year affair. Yeah. And it it is it's just so so Yeah. Heart wrenching. Anyway, so who knows Yeah. How this happens, but it does seem like men of great faith Yeah. Are targets. Oh, yeah. Girl, yeah. So I'm concerned for you. Oh, you should be. You should stay on the wall plating for me from Tucson, for the rest of your life or whatever. Yeah. So I'm like, man. It just it just couldn't it I don't know what it is, but, you know, it just it can't be any other explanation Uh-huh. Except you've got a big red circle on you red circle on you. Me too. And, I'm you know, that concerns me. It should. And I know you have said I you wanna finish strong. You've Yeah. Articulated those words before. Yeah. So golly, I don't I mean, other than praying for you, I don't even how to help you in that. You and I'm not talking necessarily just that. I'm talking about the text that a man of I would say has So I would say as good as I would say. You know what? Well, here I I, here's how. Because I'm in the I'm in the middle of a extended season of attack. I would say that all of well, all of 2025 was is it was and it continues to be, a constant weight of attack. Right? I've I say that to just bring you into okay. Yes. And how I'll tell you I'm experiencing that right now from you and others where, one, when I say, hey. Thank you for that. I mean that. I just think that, part of it is naming the grave reality of warfare and where it can go. Okay. And the the eight year affair would go very bad, started even more than eight years ago. So it's man, who's reminding their Christian sibling that start with the pastor by each other. And the enemy is looking For you. You. Yeah. And I'm praying for you. Uh-huh. And here's what the Lord's revealing to encourage you and strengthen you. So I would say I'm in a season where I am walking on the prayers and the prophetic words of my Christian siblings and members of this church. Oh, sure. Great. One, members there are people who I entrust, which is raw on this, vulnerability for them to pray in specificity. Right? Men and women that know that I don't hear are specific lies that he's he's saying. Right? And and to and to pray. And so as you transition to Tucson, this is not your job. Okay. Miss Penn, Devon Ford. That the enemy is constantly attacking. And there are seasons where it's lighter and starts season where it's heavier. Right now, the the honest wrestles and whispers I'm fighting against is, am I truly called to do this? Right? Where I know I'm called to be a pastor, but I'm in an extended season where I have to tangibly, trust the Lord for a sense that I'm called to leave Garden City. Mhmm. But the enemy wants to whisper lies and tempt to depression. And I would say I'm an extended season where that's the fight. You like others who are surrounding me, Natalie, actually the other PMD, others that I I bring forth the raw like, hey. I'm weary. Mhmm. So 2026, if you wanna know what you're you can pray that I find space to, here's what I'm telling the Lord. It's like, okay. 2025 was the extended season of just endurance, and most of the year, I felt strengthened. And then I just hit something in December where I was like, now I'm just exhausted from having to carry that. So now I'm actually not I'm actually concerned because I'm I'm wrestling with my calling. But I also know I love these people and I wanna serve them. Am I the right one for them? Or do I actually just need to go back to business world? So so it it comes in so many forms. That's what it looks like right now. Okay. And it it manifests in, some something that feels overwhelming so you so you feel depressed? Oh, it manifests. There there's that's I would say the challenge is there actually is not one thing it manifests in. So it can be overwhelming, but overwhelming looks different. So it's not even overwhelming situation. Now I am facing a situation that's overwhelming. I would say it's multifaceted. It is a a feeling of adequacy. It is a feeling of truly just, soul level capacity. Right? Especially after extended season of carrying, intense level of of, others' kind of trauma. Right? It's just pure man, I've been running for twenty some years. I've never taken a sabbatical. Right? So the part of that, it's the normal wear and tear of my calling is always a measure of Jeremiah one, uprooting and a rebuilding. And that takes a kind of toll that is different than purely just lead on out. So it's just so multifaceted. And I would say and that's just the nature of me walking with the little myself. Because, as clear as everyone is about the spiritual gifts in Curtis, I'm still a little boy. I have to wake up and talk to his dad Yeah. And still wonder, oh, lord. Should I? Is it? What if? So this is it. I know. It's it's so it's such a bizarre concept, the idea that, we're actually, like, on holy ground when we think we can't. I mean, that's the word saying, god protecting his power in our weakness. So let me celebrate my weakness because that is when that's the funnel by which god moves, so to speak. So it is a really weird Yeah. Tension. It is. It's really weird tension. It's really weird tension. It's really weird. It's really weird tension. Yeah. So, And if you simplify it, it's actually no different. I try to normalize, like, hey. If you if you're doing your walk with the Lord, we all feel the same way. Yeah. Absolutely. Right? So it's like, no. No. You haven't read that with you because you you covered the blood Jesus. Right? So but just imagine, alright. Well, I feel that with all these people. Right? So it's probably no different. And the season you're in with your daughter Yeah. And then Erin, oh, yeah. I got the same things with other people in my personal life. Yeah. Yeah. No. I Pam and I had been having, you know, similar conversations. So it was funny because, you know, here you are talking about the very things that we're experiencing. Yeah. You know? And it it is maybe universal like you said. It is. It's just the way it is. It just is. But, yeah. So does does uprooting and rebuilding does that enliven you? Is that a Oh, yes. Absolutely. So And so then it's the calling God's given me. So then when things are cultivated, is it time to uproot and rebuild somewhere else? Is that the No. General sense that you No. No. No. No. No. That's not the general No. Not not in terms of, like, anything you were thinking about, but just the pattern. I feel like I got a The pattern. Yeah. No. The pattern actually has been the board's pattern. Yeah. So what I'm saying is Like that's the pattern, and now it's somewhat being disrupted with longevity. Like, with with with long range vision with, you know, like, I picture, you know, I picture, you know, a acre of land Yeah. That, you know, all the trees have been taken out. The the rocks are Yeah. You know, being taken out. The seeds are being planted, and things are starting to grow. Yeah. But there's a long way until there's, you know, hedges and rows and Yeah. You know, tree blossoming trees and Yeah. So so but you're used to the uprooting and this sort of the rebuilding in the beginning. Does that bring any discouragement to you Oh, no. With this it it doesn't actually separate the cooling. Okay. So, uprooting actually still involves that part Okay. For me. So that's why I was like, like, she actually is not like a, short season of just the uproars. Like, no. No. No. Uprooting and building typically is a decades long process. Okay. Right? So you're you're So I was at the last year for ten years, and I would tell you. Yep. And and before the Lord in 2020, made a clear, I was going to I actually filed gonna be there for another ten years. Okay. And I was at all of that. Anyway. Yeah. You were gonna be there anyway. Yep. Yeah. Okay. Well, I was just curious to say. You know, you you said Yeah. The uprooting and rebuilding piece was yours. But, well, the Yeah. The disc I I can't I'll come the discouragement. Here's the beautiful thing, and this is where the lord's goodness towards me. I love discouragement has zero to do with anything in this, in the ministry per se. So I'm not discouraged with what he's calling me to do here. Why why are you questioning why Yeah. It has nothing to do with it has everything to do with, the weariness. Well, and I guess I could name, there's some degrees until the walk wisely. Just weary of maintaining that posture of trust? No. There are some hard situations, even people situations Okay. I imagine those are that I've had to walk with, since coming here. That I won't name specificity because it wouldn't be appropriate, but they have been very, hard and heavy. I would say if you ask I would say that's all of it, but I would say the carrying and kind of figuring out, trying to lean in and figure out something that may not be be responded to. Kinda like like the situation, the the relational immature. Multiply that out to years and high level intensity. Yeah. Sure. I would say if you ask, what's at the top of that that makes it feel acute in this season? I'm carrying that, but that's not the only thing. But that's one of my things. And I wanna show that to you and but I would say Yeah. So I can I can understand that? Oh my gosh. I I applaud you for having perseverance. I think that's one of my most frustrating situations. I will be with anyone for any length of time if they're if they're willing to walk. And they were willing. And they don't wanna walk anymore. I'm like, I it just it's it's wearing. It's it's So I'm in a I'm I'm I would say I'm in a situation where, it's it's wearing. There's been pursuit of certain reconciliations that's been rejected or not responded to. I don't have the luxury. It's not a situation where in that person or these people aren't sure if you wanna move on or figure something out. So I have to carry it. Yeah. Wow. Sorry about that. That's okay. That's okay. The lord the lord the lord's doing deep words. I'll just push tires. Sure. I can see. Well, you did say something that sounds like could have been something of revelation or clarity that the lord might be speaking to you. What? Is is it sounds like there's something that can practically help with the season that you're in. Oh, yeah. I'm doing all of them. You mean, like, the battle? Yeah. Oh, yeah. That that's the plan of 2026. So my plan, well, and I'm girl, I I'm sure, like, one, because you're leaving. Yeah. Okay. I would have said it, but I wanna I wanna, there's a power dynamic, and I always wanna steward our words well. And there there are kinds of weights of words that I wanna just put on everybody. Right? Because it doesn't bear weight. Right? I'm a pastor's early weight. I'm a trust a new one because you're you're mature. Two, because I do believe, in regards to where you're at, you're meant to be an intercessor on the wall. For us, even for me, I feel that. Whether you feel it or not, I feel that. No. I feel it for sure. You wouldn't burden my heart with it. A 100%. So 2026, if you said, okay. Here's what I've called it a life kind of I've called life instead that bigger than it is, but just really, trying to orchestrate. Just order some things in this year to, to do my part in my own respond the responding to my own needs. Mhmm. And sabbatical is one. So there's different things that I'm looking to do this year that actually been working on even at the end of last year. But that's that's the hope. So Good. And you got that on the books? Not not yet. But but it it's in my books. I'm just planning them out right now. Okay. Yep. Okay. Yeah. I think that would be really beautiful. I think so too. Well deserved. Not that that matters. But it sounds like that's Yeah. The Lord has already implanted that in your mind. I do. I I feel like it's just possible. I feel like just yeah. Just, you know, they're running really hard, and I think part of it is part of it is just doing other things I love, you know, that like business stuff. So I'm doing that too. It fills your cup. It does look up in a different way. Right? And some of it just sometimes there's just long endurance that, as you know, people have to carry that most people don't know. But, like, and some of it is for my own sanctification. So it's not about, escaping, but yet how do I undergird myself where I can actually Yeah. Answer the question on my calling more confidently. I was, telling Natalie, I'm anticipating something coming, you know, when I leave leave here. Yeah. Not leave town but leave leave here. And, you know, the biggest cup filler for me is connection. Yeah. And so I'm I've scheduled a couple of connecting Yeah. Points knowing Yeah. What's coming. Most likely what's coming. And, so I applaud you that you are in a season where you're I mean, we use this phrase so the world uses it. I don't like it. That's health care. Yeah. This this idea that, yeah, we have to be reminded that we are human. Yeah. And thank goodness we have parts of flesh Yeah. And we have limitations. 100%. Thank goodness. We the grace to know that Yeah. And the grace to know that we, were designed to be loved and cared for and Yep. Let God do that. Let other people do that. But let people stand in the gap for us. Yeah. You know, because I'm sure I would never be able to carry the weight that you carry, and I wouldn't want to. It it shuts me down before I even begin to to think about it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so I'm grateful for people who carry A 100%. Yep. Carry Yep. The the the the the the amount of weight that you carry. Yeah. The amount of weight that you carry that And I'm really grateful the Lord is kind because in a perfect long season of waiting, carrying, suffering, I'm not confused with my love for these people. I love confused of my love for Jesus. Yeah. So let us love you. Is that what I'm saying? Is it really? Yeah. I remember when I had, I had some severe surgery and, you know, wiped out, and we were, like, really concerned about our daughters. Yeah. And and, you know, they stepped up, and it just it was really weird to see and so beautiful and so honoring. And for them too to be able to love me Yeah. In a way that would have never happened if I was in full capacity or that's not even a word word. Oh, there goes Jessica. Yeah. That's not even the right word. But, you know so let us love you Yeah. By accepting your time away. And let us love you by stepping in the gap. Yeah. And let us love you by, being a mess while you're gone. Yeah. Or Yeah. Whatever that might look like. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I do. So I do. I feel it. Anyway. So you asked, how how how do we help you? Yeah. It's these conversations. That's why I'm so blessed to be here. I have zero desire. Actually, even to not just desire. I don't even think I'll move on to another ministry, but the world will change that. And a lot of it is just because I am viewed as a sibling here, a Christian sibling, not just a parent. And you know why? Yeah. Because you view us as your sibling. So I felt this the most confident and safe is that I've got a ministry. It's like, I don't know. People people ask me that. That's actually how you keep the pastor honest and and and safe. Yeah. Well, Curtis, that starts with you. It could never be possible if you didn't look at it that way. But, you know, I've witnessed it. I've experienced it. It's real. It's the real deal. It's we're we're we're all shoulder to shoulder. Yep. We're all in this together. I have a part to play. You have a part to play. Yeah. Yeah. And God will mix it up, and the next part I play will be different. But I'm all part of the, you know, play plan. Yep. Yep. Yep. But, yeah. So I just so appreciate you. Appreciate you. I just Okay. Well, that was all that was on. I love it. Thank you. Anything Man, you came with a good full list. I know. I I love it. I'm so blessed. Yeah. An hour and forty minutes. So thank you. Absolutely. Literally ever. So so when do y'all actually leave leave? So the seventeenth is our party. The street lights yeah. The street lights party is the seventeenth. And Natalie and I talked about how that might be a really good place to pass the baton. You know, this is the end of the season. Yep. We end with our Yep. Celebration party. Pam will be there. I'll be there. Pass the baton then. The following day is the feast. Yep. And then the next week is Yep. Sabbath. The following week is Pete's vacation. Okay. So what I'm planning on doing is, vacating my office during Sabbath Yep. So Pam can come in after Sabbath Yep. Or during Sabbath. I don't know what she wants to do and be ready to to go then. Yeah. And then I'll come back after Pete's vacation with, you know, the goods and say goodbye then. And you guys are physically leaving? Oh, yeah. No. That's just leaving the building. I'm I'm talking about I mean, leaving the office. I'm talking about Tucson. Oh, yeah. No. That that we we're we're could be daydreaming, but we're hoping to put our house on the market in spring. Okay. Since that is the best time of this this season, it's so beautiful around here. Yes. In spring, we thought, well, we'll we'll put our house on the market then. Yeah. See what happens. Okay. And because it's in a cul de sac in district, we're thinking it won't take long. So we are feeling like we better be mentally ready, physically ready to go if that's the case. But that could be a big daydream. We still have to do the work to get there. Mhmm. So we'll see. But that is sort of tentative we're leaving. I I would imagine we're leaving after we sell our house. Yeah. I wouldn't want that house. Okay. Okay. So as we leave before you leave, we gotta be intentional in connecting. I would love that. Okay. Alrighty. Thank you. Alright. You want this step back? Oh, you leave it open.