Enjoy sermon series because they just kinda bring us back to normal. Actually, that's good after Advent. Give me this. Normal feels good. I agree. Especially, like, a part tour. Yeah. Like Like Hey. What kind of did that with the guard garden in the city last year too, didn't we? Yeah. Yep. Yep. Yeah. But they are they're, like, they're helpful in grounding us. Mhmm. I haven't felt that. I felt it when we decided that we were gonna go right back into it and not do a bunch of stand alones and bridging and this and that. I was like, oh, sick. Bring it back in January. It's good to know that we all kind of feel So, like, Sabbath feast, there was a little bit of a thing in there of, like, okay. Well, we're not quite back to normal. But I was just saying that to Amanda yesterday. Once that was used to time, then we get to go back to normal. And that's still Easter, though. That is Easter. I know. Right? That's per night. Well, we can let we keep lying to ourselves. We should. We can It's all part of the process. I think what I'm lying to myself about is that that that's normal. Right. Mhmm. It's rude. Oh, no. That the Sabbath feast and everything. Those are the Right. I'll be like, I don't really wanna accept that those are normal. Yeah. And I just feel like that's what it does sometimes. That's an important transition in your, Yeah. Ministry career. Oh, oh, oh, oh, it's normal. Wait. Crap. This is the normal. All these other things too? This is normal. Yeah. No. The perpetual line. When this season ends I'm gonna be gonna leave it. I've been saying that for thirty years. Real quick. Mike's gonna need a minute. Bye. Oh. I love it. I love it. So true. Cool. Awesome. Okay. Well, with that and Curtis is gonna, we have a little bit of extended time today because we'll move into a little bit of the series preview. So we'll hear more about the Ephesians series and what's coming up. But before we do that, we let's try dive into debrief. It's been a few weeks. So until three. Let's What's she doing? 02:30. 02:30? Oh, okay. You forgot? I forgot that what's normally too. Sorry. Yeah. I don't know where I am. Oh, where we none of them. There. Literally, where are you? Whatever Ollie you're at, we're with you. We're right by you. Yes. Be like, where where we at? I thought I had no confidence at all. I find that it helps to just put it out of your mind. I know. Care. Do not acknowledge it. It's not real. Okay. I'm sorry. If your kids get picked up or not. About staff meeting when we do extra, then that's Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. No. You're good. Excuse me. We're all catching up to the moment. Service experience. Yes. Hello. Oh. Oh. That should've been my question. Does everyone know where they're at? Look. How are you? Oh my god. I love it. To what you're excited about. Yes. Where am I? I'm like, I have no answer. Unreal. I'm like, wait. Yeah. Then Yeah. And to be fair That's so true. Having an honest moment. Most of my opening question to y'all was me trying to get in my space of who am I? It really is, though. You're not wrong. Yeah. It kinda bubbles it up like, oh, this is what we Okay. Here we go. Here we go. Okay. Yeah. That's funny. Okay. Well, we are debriefing service from last Sunday, which was two days ago. Three days ago? No. Two days ago. Yeah. The first time. K. You're good. So we will start. So oh my gosh. The pressure. Who to start with? Let's start with Curtis. Oh, lord. I'll go. You're welcome. Good. Please do. I'm I'm finding my degree. Wait. Wait. What today? What is today? He's gonna use six of his eight minutes just looking for Hey. Wait a minute. Give me just give me. I'm trying to I saw the physical box here to get over the product. Yeah. I'm like digital box. Still showing up to the moment. Like, wait. What? Hey. What's up there? Alright. Alright. I'm getting go ahead, Mike. You got it. K. So I I do love y'all, though. My wig. Yeah. I thought this Sunday, as I say it pretty regularly, which is a blessing, that I thought it was a beautiful Sunday of, the Holy Spirit showing up in some wonderful ways. I had lunch with a guy named Terry yesterday. Y'all know Terry. Mhmm. How do you know which Terry he's talking about? Oh, there's only one Terry that goes so well. The table Terry? Yes. Why? I I can promise you that there's only one Terry people were hurt. Show it all the man. Show it all the man. 72 years old. He walked the halls like he'd been here for thirty years. Yeah. He's Yeah. Yep. Oh, okay. See? He's over, and he's and he's he's made his home. Over for rental. So yes. Said that God told them this is where they're at. So Yep. So yeah. Great. He's awesome. He treated me to lunch. It was great. And, he just over and over again confirmed things that were that were kinda just those things where you could easily just move past them and be like, yeah. God, you know, just this is just a service. But, yeah, there was just multiple multiple pieces from front to back that just felt, I don't know, just felt really good. Like, even just the way that you closed, like, it was a little bit different than normal. Yeah. Yeah. But I really enjoyed it. So then there was just that kind of you could chalk it up to serendipity and say, oh, look. Hey. We just talked about you We didn't do. Again, but it actually the way that it fit with you just said, alright. We did some heavy lifting today. Yeah. And, like, it it was sobering so that people don't just then leave and kinda like those moments Yeah. You've been in Yeah. And just it all wipes away as you get up and walk out. Yeah. It's like, I felt like there was a sobering in the room before we got up and left. Yep. And hopefully helps things to stick and be like, oh, what did we just do? Yeah. It was a lot. It was a lot. So, yeah, that's, I just felt like it was the Lord going before us. Yeah. And the practical of how we close service. Yeah. I felt that, in the the prayer close during the during the middle of, Lord is not salvation. I Mhmm. Terry Terry asked me a question, and I was like, I don't know how to put this into words, but I guess I'll try. This wasn't words. There weren't there wasn't words in my head. It was just I knew some version of the words bring clarity. Mhmm. But it wasn't words. Right? It's just the holy spirit was just just that's it was in my mind. It's in my spirit while I'm leading that song. Bring clarity. That's not exact not exactly apt because it wasn't words. But I knew that's what I needed to do. And so we end that song, and I was like, I don't know if I'm supposed to exhort, speak this out, alter call, prayer, what? I was supposed to bring clarity to this song, and this song is all about salvation. And Yep. Again, trying to put words to something that wasn't words was it was very clear that this was an offer of understanding and clarity of salvation even to those who are saved in the room and don't understand what they just sang. Don't understand what we are experiencing right now. Because there's clearly a move of the Holy Spirit happening in a song that's talking about the assurance of salvation. Mhmm. The beauty of salvation. Mhmm. And it's celebrating being saved. So just taking a second there, breathing, and then just being like, god, you gotta speak these words. I don't know. I don't know what you want to say. And then doing that. So multiple levels of confirmation from different people after service and then going into Monday Mhmm. Was really helpful to be like what I told Terry, what I'll tell you guys is like second and third song for me, I was soberly not I was not in a moment of holy spirit in worship. I was just Yeah. I was just thinking. Like, I was just there. So I'm saying I'm singing and leading the song and I'm leading the word, but I'm not, like, in this the holy spirit has taken me in worship type of thing. So those levels of confirmation are just very helpful to be like, oh, look. This is practically how the holy spirit is moving, which I knew he was. I knew he was moving. But but, yeah, it was just really helpful debrief. So my debrief comes from the debrief of the service more than even in the service. Mhmm. But it was, it was nice. I I really enjoyed, the parts and lessons that I've gotten here. I didn't get to be in there for the whole thing. But, yeah. It was a change of pace. Mhmm. It was a different different type of It really was. Different type of message. Alright? It really was, buddy. And that's nice. Welcome. And, I think I think we'll be nice to have changed that pace Mhmm. Before then continuing this normalcy over this one. Yes. Yep. Yep. From yourself. So That's good. That's all I got? That's good. Awesome. Okay. I get roughly six minutes, so he he's ready now. I feel like I'm changing the pace. Who wants to go next? Hey. I'm gonna go I feel so free. Who goes next? I feel so free. 26. Yep. 26. Yeah. Who wants to go? That's cool. I'm sorry. That was very matte. Are you going, Melissa? I can go because mine's short because I have not had a chance to watch service on Sunday as I was out, so I did not have anything. Nailed it. Oh, man. You should've gone first. I'm just kidding. It's still a little bit too short for me to have time to Yeah. You needed more minutes. I still needed minutes. Hell, you're right. I forgot. I literally I needed all your words. Nailed it. Mine and Melissa's fit into my timer, so we're good. Twenty six is different. We're definitely getting under here before three. She knows where she is. You're welcome. I am ready. Okay. I loved the settling prayer that started with the call to worship and then really, like, permeated the whole service. That was so wild. Like, how y'all had that tied together even without planning in advance. So that's one of the places where I saw the holy spirit show up. I'm like, oh, there's a spirit here that's, like, calling us to slow as we even enter in this new year. So, like, how you threaded that altogether. I thought that was really beautiful. Yeah. But I loved that in the call to worship interview. Same with this. I'm curious to know how you felt about the feast highlight. It was longish, longer than we've used in that space in a little while, but it felt good to me. I'm curious to know how it felt to you in delivery. So you can talk more about that in your update or you can tell me now, whichever you prefer. Maybe it is it part of your update or part of your reflection? It will be now. Alright. Perfect. I'll do that. That's great. I loved including breath work and talking about starting the new year with grace. All of that felt very aligned to who we are as Garden City. Mhmm. There's several places in our, like, website copy and stuff that encourages people to pause and breathe, and that's something that just comes from my own little soul. And so it was really cool to see that integrated here, as part of Garden City language. And in italics with exclamation points, tying identity to Sabbath. That's how you do that. That was great. I did I cheered out loud from the balcony from the early bird movie. That's how you do that. That's how you do it. That's how you do it. So it was just so beautiful. It's I don't think I ever put excellent words to it, but it was what my heart desired for, like, what this season would look and be like for our people and how we clearly identify why we're doing these things and they are independent, but they're also integrated. And so Yep. Yep. Yep. Just more of that. Good job. Good job. I'm not remotely surprised. And then the interactive piece at the end, I had such a unique experience that I thought was really cool. And even the awkwardness or the, like, your obedience to the Holy Spirit to pause and reroute in that direction and then inviting people into that, that just felt so, like, who we are. Mhmm. And that felt very much so, like, hey. If you wanna know what Garden City is like, this is sort of what we're like too. So, like, hear this and be be a part of it. I was with Tim Carter and mister Reggie. Oh, ho, ho. And I never wanted to do it. I know. I know. I know. I know. I'm just missing all y'all. Well, it's always hit or miss whether, like, in the week we participate in things or not. And so, I I made them. It was great. Oh, good. I mean, it forced them, but I was like, hey. We're gonna do it. No. I love it. This is fine. Yep. Yep. This was very sweet. It's very sweet. Mike, we talked about this in the past, but we just need to continue to tighten up nameplates and placement and all that. I know that's on your radar. Uh-huh. Well, when I was sitting there, I watched it be broken and try to figure it out, but whatever I can do to help. The on screen. When you said night lights on screen. Okay. Bam. Thank you. Oh, yeah. That that's not something we could have tightened up. Everything was programmed appropriately. It's it was not it it's malfunctioning. Just firing wrong? Yeah. That seemed to be for the level of confusion they had, I thought, oh, something must just be, like, broken. Yeah. We verified it. Words on sides wasn't working for worship, for nameplates, for Yeah. It was very Anything that's a PNG on the sides that just floats Yeah. Was broken. It would not fire. So we I feel like those guys this is just a side note. This isn't about communication. But they did such a great job of, like, having an appropriate amount of concern and urgency and also, like Yeah. Peace and grace in the moment of, like, well, that's happening. Okay. Okay. And, like, I was just really blessed by that, that there wasn't a frantic energy around it even though there good. But it also I've been there before. I'm like, y'all should be more worried. What is happening? And it wasn't that. I feel like there's an appropriate level of concern. So Yeah. Yeah. I watched back to all of the worship parts while it was broken. I thought it brought it to my attention that it was broken, and, they did a good job. I mean, they left the camera on me or on Shelley Mhmm. More than we would normally want. We would more want varied shots that show other people worshiping in other parts of the band, but that wasn't a luxury we're gonna have while they're trying to diagnose something on the fly. Exactly. But they also every time that they tried it, it was a very fast flash on, flash off as soon as they saw that it wasn't firing appropriately. Right. So it's minimal distractions, and you really just need to get nameplates for awards, on the bottom at home. Right? But in in house, you still had them on center. So they did a And mister Reggie's communication with the online people was excellent in the Slack channel. Keep them abreast, and they were, of course, gracious. So So Yeah. It just felt like we're gonna I mean, I'm never, allergic to having those issues. It's I'm far more concerned with how we're handling it. But I don't find getting these notes. I just want to be clear that after looking into it Yeah. It was a malfunction, not a miss on the programming side of things. That makes sense. Okay. I just wanna make sure there wasn't anything you needed from me on that. Nope. We're good. And then the other thing that I just wanna put on you guys' radar, we are in the messy middle of my infestiva info is no longer our source of truth, and almost everything that it lives there now just put the link in the chat. Okay. And so That's a clarity I was stating of. I was like, I actually don't know. No. And you doubled down this week? And I was like, oh, wait. Don't double down. Yep. I did. I said, like, I didn't confuse. I said both. Well, no. And it's fine because when they go there, they'll be rerouted to the website. But what I'll do is But that is the clarity of it. I'm gonna continue to clarify that language so that you know exactly how to send them. Yep. Yeah. Well, yeah, you put it in there, but I actually I think I think this is clear now. Great. I just had a a it was a general question, but it wasn't anything else gonna be confusing at all. And it's just we just we just tipped over. Yep. Yep. So I feel good. Of that. And then another area of just growth and for FYI, I know you guys saw in the programming channel, the Sabbath registration. We've got that cleaned up now in a way that looks really cool. And then now, even in fact, for the people that are utilizing the app is on the app right when you open it and things like that. So there's really cool, like, escalation points that I'm very excited about. So Mhmm. It was, hard wrestled, so I'm naming it as a win. Yeah. What was the hard wrestle again? We can't collect money through Planning Center. We have to send them to Subsplash, but all of our systems are built around planning center. Yeah. And that's frustrating and difficult. And I tried to do it through planning center, and it did not work. We had 18 people register in one pay. So I had to rework it to make sure we got money. Now we've got lots of money. People are giving. They are giving. Lots. So we text me to they wanna cover 20 people. I'm like, I don't know how to do that. Do because there are options out. It's all on there, and there's instructions, and we've had people do that. Perfect. Did you see Damien's name on there? No. No. You're good. Yeah. I did for two. Okay. Okay. But, yeah, I'll follow-up. Alright. I will follow-up. So yeah. Yeah. And by the way, Amanda, again, kudos on whenever you threw that in the Slack channel, I was checking out the Sabbath page. I'm like, this is so beautiful and the way you worded Yeah. Like, so much grace and dignity around the language you used for, like, if you can't I just love the, like, put in the memo cover. Yeah. Like Yeah. Like, it was just so be like, the language was so beautiful. Good. It's like a weird, like, how do you name, like, labels? Like, it's a hard I just knew I didn't want scholarship, and that's where I started from. And so I was trying to figure out how to get this. Like, it's a it was us. Know. I was is really good. That It really is. It's just like in faith, I'm covered. Yeah. It's right. But we had two or three people take us up on it. Oh, let me see. And so that feels yeah. Oh, that feels like happy. Yeah. Yeah. So, anyway, I just got feel. I was like, this is like Yeah. It's the language. I'm gonna donate and write cover. Cover. Yes. I'm a register. Just because I'm gonna say it. Yeah. Yeah. I do wanna say I'm covered. Yeah. I need it. I'll send you the $25, but I need it. Literally. Yeah. I like it. I like it. That's a funny there's probably a way to do that in this broken system. Yeah. So So yeah. Awesome. Sort it out. I love it. So good news for you. Okay. K. Who's next? I can go. Alright. Give Jess a couple team moments to catch up to the moment. Bless your sister. No. I'm good too. But I would say, you know, it's very similar to Mike. Like, I I have some debriefing thoughts, but I would say the most driving was actually, like, my experience of us having done the work of of really building out both our service and our content and who we are. Right? And so because I would say I came in suddenly come up utterly disjointed. Like, you I I was like, oh, lord. You're not even in this the room with me. And I don't like, I'm about to just tell them flesh. I'm about to You're in the I mean, for real. Your memo was not covered. It was I was like, lord, I I'm a need you to really show up because I don't I don't even feel remotely mixed to being Jesus right now. But but but I think I think when I look at the service and the flow of it, I think we are so clearly, not just increasingly, we're just continuously us. Right? I just think, one, it it creates these access points and I feel that from the the the call to worship, the safety that that you create, but then also it wasn't even like weird or, oh, that's a big thing deal. It's like, oh, no, no, that's just normally us. Yeah. And it helps people enter in and I hear that from our people and welcomed in as they come, however they come. And it just sets this I think the set list, which is beautiful. It has its own measure of diversity, right, that I really, I really enjoyed and lean into. And and as I came in, I was like, hey. I'm about to be disjointed all the way through this thing, all the way to the benediction. So I'm just gonna trust the lord. And and so when I was got out there, I was like, oh, no. I felt every bit of disjointed up till ten minutes into the sermon. And so but what I experienced was this freedom of to show up, Just be. Just simply be. Right? There was no pressure to I gotta fix this. It's just simply, I don't really know what we're doing. My wife is here. Hi, Shelly. You know, and so that was just so but it was there was a freedom. Will now be seated. I know. I don't know why. I literally I'm like, why did you say that? Like, I was like, what is this? Ran across the stage. You should've Oh, man. But I was like I literally said that and kept talking. Like, that's a little brother. And he was like, yeah. Sit down. I was like, what? It was the naughty thing. I heard it and was like It was great. Well and and we touched base. I said, babe, I don't even have room to think about you staying. So if you wanna stay, you stay. I would love for you to stay. I don't even know what that means. Yeah. I don't even know what to say about it. The way she turned around was hilarious. Literally. So and then she said I remember the on my mind, that's what, like, the weird things hit hit your mind. In my office, she said, alright. After this, I will be seated. Oh. Well, guess what my literally, that's where so so when I said it, first lady will be seated. Like, why did I say it like that? My bad, babe. It was not I don't, my bad. Oh, I know. But that's a picture of You walked us through, like, in, like, the straight up, like, funeral, like, bullet points that I really want. Now the first Now? You see? See that. I was like, yep. Sorry, guys. This is just me on January 4. I'm sorry. Her face and her interaction, the whole thing ended up getting better than it was. Yeah. I'm like, woah. Oh, it was so good. You got brought into who we are. Like, I don't know why I said that. Oh, I love it. I'm sorry, but I don't I don't say it that way. But, again, there are different seasons, in my many experience where that would feel so daunting and Yeah. But I was like, no. No. We we are very clear who we are, and I'm very clear on what we're fighting to be. And so even those moments of being disjointed felt really good, and I was like, no. I just gotta sometimes you just show up and, you know, hey. I'm not gonna feel Jesus, but that that's not important. Long as the lord loves y'all enough to do something for y'all, I know he can do do, clay vessels. But so I feel there's a freedom where I felt that even going into the sermon, not even knowing what it was gonna feel like. And the lord just did he just really blessed me. Right? Because it really wasn't, it sounds like, well, I'm not feeling you or hearing from you. I don't even know if you're speaking at all today to me, but please love your people. And I remember that prayer outside of the stairs. Like, lord, just love your people. However, you need to love them. Mhmm. And the Lord and not only he loved them, he loved me. Right? Because I feel like part of being Garden City is for any of us to step into moments and let him pivot and let him drive. Not irresponsibly so, but yet, openly so. Yeah. And I felt like, that didn't feel weird. Mhmm. It really didn't. It felt even weird. Didn't even feel like I'm I'm doing extra or more. It's like, no. No. This is what the Lord doing. And I actually feel like our people good with that. Like, regardless, they good. That's how we rock. They know me as our pastor. And so I would I would like everything flowed even if they were just random, like, you and I talk about Benedict's. I was like, oh, this is why I should do this. This felt naturally falling. So so I would say it was just beautiful picture of who we are primarily because, I got to experience what we're building and what we built. And as a senior pastor, I felt loved by the Lord and by us with the hard work. And I would say, the Sabbath stuff was really good. Like, I wasn't I like like we talked about before. I function with the freedom of what to say, what not to say, and the only thought I was cautious is, like, is my f f c still a thing? But that was my brain in the middle of a disjointed moment on stage. So I'm like, well, let me say my f f c and then mention website. It's gonna be confusing. Bless you. Blue or love you. Oh, yeah. They're finding us both ways too. They really are. So I was like, I was good with that. Yeah. So outside of that, I felt I don't feel like it was too much content or, weird. You blow you make the right things bold, and I I still follow through with that. And the rest of it was just the Lord being good. Yeah. But I think that's it. That's good. That's great. Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting to say that he was driving. That's what it felt like. Oh, yeah. He was driving. Driving. I want to drive over here. He does. And he does. He does. You're not wrong. That's why I said He does. In your mind, like, this does happen regularly, and I'm blessed that we get to debrief and say that. But he drove in a specific way this week. There is there what no. That's a good way of saying it. He's always driving into these moments where, oh, that's that's different. That was because, like, what you're saying about feeling, like, disconnected, like, yeah. That's that happens Yeah. That happens Yeah. Too often where I'm like, it's a Sunday morning. I'm going, god, where Yeah. Where are you? What is going on? Why do I feel completely just distracted and, like, I'm not in it. I'm not here for the right reasons mentally, heart wise, spiritually, all of it. Like and I want to be desperately. And then he always comes through. He doesn't he doesn't fail us. He doesn't he's gonna do he's gonna do what he's gonna do. But I want to be a part of that. I wanna be in it. And this week, it was like a measure of that, and you're expressing a larger measure of that, which I experienced other weeks. But the yeah. I don't know. The way he the way that he interacted, the way that the Holy Spirit showed up and and and led was unique and different. Yeah. So it's interesting that with how unique and different it was that you're also experiencing that this is like, this is who we are. This is who I wanna be. Mhmm. That's a good point. Yep. It's sacrifice of praise. This is real. And, again, it's one of those moments where, like, in the service, like, I felt as I felt free to proceed in my sermon Yeah. And free to, like Yeah. And it's one of those moments, like, Lord, I don't know that. Why you are literally having me a choke hold to not move on? Yeah. That's odd because you nine times out of 10, you move on, and that's just as blessed. That's why I know, like, oh, no. No. That ain't wasted. So this wasn't more you know, I know we never say that, but I thought it was like, no. Those are the terms I feel this is free and blessed to move on. This was one moment where, like, alright. I'm hearing you, which I wasn't hearing you, and I am confidently inviting our people to risk in ways that I wouldn't be ultra aware of my disjointed and fleshliness. So I'm like, alright, Laura. You you showing up loving me. Yeah. Because I'm hearing you, and I was confident leading them. I was not feeling that prior to that moment. Yeah. When I when I, like, when I took a moment and pause before praying out, I had this, like, mental, question of, like, if we were supposed to do like an altar call right then. And I felt confident that if if if the Holy Spirit was like, yeah, do an altar call, like, that I would have had the freedom to do it. Mhmm. And that's weird. Like, why why why did I? Even though that's not what we did You did felt the freedom to do it. Felt the freedom to do it. I know of it. Yeah. I never would normally feel that. I mean, rarely would I feel like like, cognitively, the freedom of, like, yeah, I can just throw an altar call and do a service. You know what I mean? Like, it was truly a very yeah. You're yeah. The way you're wording it is very helpful. That's that's what I felt. I felt like whatever you wanna do right now, god, that's what we're gonna do. That's what we're gonna say. That's what we're gonna sing. That's what we're gonna pray. Yeah. So That's good. Alright. That's really beautiful. As you guys were talking to, I'm just thinking about Sabbath and, like, it seems like you both entered and responded to even the feeling of disconnection from God from a place of rest and trust instead of performance and anxiety. Yep. I think we can go either either way. Yep. That's right. I'm not gonna try harder now Yep. Since I feel discombobulated or disconnected. Yeah. But it seems like people were like, no. We're good. Yep. Like, I'm at rest. Yep. And I came at you there. And I'm sorry. Very much so. Think that's really That's a good word, Jeff. Really beautiful, especially just happens. That's real. And it was all. But yeah. So as far as safety and belonging go for Sunday, yeah, Mike, I loved that you didn't rush out of that worship song and that you kind of paused and, yeah, even it's cool to hear, like, how the spirit was guiding you in that time, but, like, I think naming, like, hey. If you're singing that and you don't know what you're singing or that's hard for you to, like, believe, I just think that's so forming and important because I'm sure that happens, like, for a lot of people where you're just, like, gonna sing these songs and either, like, that's not true for me or I don't actually either understand it or believe it. And so, like, being able to connect, like Yeah. What they're singing to, like, their human experience, and actually make people think about that for a minute, which is really good. So, yeah, and you just led with a lot of, like, like, comfort and vulnerability and really just appreciated that. Yeah. Curtis, I loved, that you had people sit for the scripture reading and even just like the breath word that you had to say and, like, that that difference of posture even of, like, no. We're gonna rest and receive. Like, I think went a really long way. And, yeah, then just a few points during the sermon that I thought were really good of, like, that's not the only thing about you. Mhmm. And you're not in a prison. You're a child in a home. Oh my gosh. Yeah. So so just, like, safe. And then the just the practice of naming, like, grace and naming goodness, like, for ourselves and then for others. This thing was creating a kind of, like, safety and belonging for ourselves with God. And then as a community, I thought those particular things, like, went a long way in that. So it's beautiful. Thank you. The grace side of things was so good. Like, I would get I don't really know, like, in my mind similar where I'm like, as you're speaking, I'm like, yeah. It makes sense that he's going there. Mhmm. We're entering Sabbath. But just, like, because the normal of New Year is, like Yeah. Yeah. You know, how am I gonna be better? Yeah. How, like, what am I gonna do? Like Yeah. How am I gonna grow? Yeah. And it was such a beautiful place to start from just a, hey, recognize the grace in your life already. Yeah. Like that was such a good and even as I went, you know, went home, because I'm sitting here like over the last week, there's things that I'm just like, yeah. Like not huge things. I'm not a big Yeah. Resolution, but just like, you know, small things. But even going back and looking at those things and being like, okay, but with that particular thing, what's the grace that I've already experienced? Yeah. It was like such a good practice to even go back and look at like what are the things you've already because it's just culturally what we do. Yeah. New Year. Yeah. New Year. Yeah. Like, what are the things going back to your list and just being like, but what grace have I already seen even in this area that I still desire to grow Yeah. Or I still am believing for change. Yeah. Man, it was such a transformative. And it's so was countercultural. Yeah. Like, I was even sitting thinking, like, just scrolling through, like, mentally thinking things that I've seen online or on TV. And, you know, everything is about, like, you know, seize the moment. Capture, like, you know, you can do it. It starts with today. One step. And it was just like did did come into service and be like, actually, first just name Mhmm. All the grace you've experienced. Like, oh my gosh. Yeah. It was such a convicting moment. Like, oh my gosh. God, I don't do this enough. Like Yeah. And it's so beautiful. Like, change doesn't even start if you can't acknowledge. It just was so good. So anyway Yeah. I'm like Thank you very much. Not a surprise. I'm sitting there like, well, that makes sense. Like, this is Sabbath season. Like, but it was just real good. Yeah. So yes. And service, by the way, just a debrief note, was packed. Yeah. It was. It was Yeah. I thought that way. Like, I was sitting in the back Yeah. When you headed out a little bit early, and it was Full in terms of Full. Yeah. Yes. Oh. Show up on time. Yeah. That's sad. I know where New me or new me. Gotta be there on time. It's so exciting. So cool. I'm like, I stepped out to the dad. You gotta be there on time. Grace. Yeah. Be late, y'all. Be late. For sure. On time or going back to church? There that's real. There's a lot going back. Yeah. It's already lost. It's just so, I feel like all of December, at least on my end, was low. Low. Like, pretty much every week. Like low attendance? At least that's on my end. Yeah. With the kids. Yeah. December seemed pretty pretty sparse on Sundays too. There was a couple of there maybe there was, like, the December or something that was pretty pretty full, but my recollection was even in this space was talking about that there wasn't a lot of people, but it was very full. Yeah. It was very full. That's great. So I haven't seen the numbers yet. I don't think Jessica sent them out yet. But I really would have expected It's very full. The way that this service felt to be what the 20 was, not what January 4 was. What do you mean? The twenty eighth is just it was such a weird one. Like, we're all on break. Yeah. It's like in it's in the middle of vacation. It should have felt like, oh, you know, hard to show up mentally and, like, disjointed. Not a lot I who knows how many people show up to service and, like, those types of things. And just the way I'm hearing this debrief is, like, we know, like, God was good in both services in a beautiful way, but the twenty eighth felt like a very normal service. It looks The service felt different. Yep. And I would have expected them to be flipped. And I would have expected the fourth is you're back to normal. Yeah. And the twenty eighth be this weird disjointed service that's, like, unique and offbeat. So it's just it's just I felt for you, like me that it's like on the twenty eighth, that was you and Kayla too, which is just like Yeah. Could have been a level of, like Yep. Hey. You know? Yep. Leading worship with my wife and Mhmm. The twenty eighth, man, that set was so powerful. By the way, I know we're not debriefing, but I'm like, it was such a beautiful We're not. I don't wanna, like Yeah. Put any expectation because we didn't, but I'm like, it was beautiful, by the way. I've done it. It actually was. Yeah. I'm like, it was a very just, like What'd you do? Yeah. Clean service. So It was fun. Okay. Oh, that was that was good. The set? Yeah. I know. I just forgot about it. Yeah. You said because no. Wait. What did we do? I don't remember what songs we Yep. Yep. Really good. So, okay. Amanda, looking ahead, anything to close the loop on this Sunday, coming Sunday? Yeah. Melissa, are you available to host on Sunday? Yes. Awesome. Okay. So that'll answer some of our questions. And then, Curtis, did you have thoughts, looking at this week, whether you would want to close or whether you want most to come back up to do that? It's a very short like, coming out of the response, there's no announcement or anything other than a next step of baptism. Good. I could flow right into it. That's fine. Okay. Great. Those were my only As a lay, like yeah. Like I told them, like, people do the Red Sea for me when I try to go go to the foyers outdoors. Oh, good. So I don't yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure if we get out there. They really do. You get to shake a couple hands on the way, but it's not, like Yeah. It's not. That's awesome. They let me out. Mhmm. Yep. Okay. Well, I mean, you talk enough about how you're gonna see them in the lobby, so they've clearly got They really did. I like early well, they weren't listening to early days. They're like I know. They did not let me out. Out. Oh, we ended. So, yeah, I could finish. Okay. And so we can talk a little bit more about that highlight. The idea is more Sabbath season focus and maybe another light touch of the feast. But, otherwise, pretty clean. High school gatherings back, so we'll make sure we name that. Yeah. Yeah. That's it for me. And we have programming tomorrow, so we'll talk to the nitty gritty then. Okay. Okay. I wanted to tell you guys something that Jeff said. It was really cool. We were talking after Christmas Eve, between no. Jeff Woodson. Mhmm. That about the storyteller. And I was like, man, this has just been so cool, the storyteller season, and you just walking us through that, like, even with benedictions. Mhmm. Just, like, how that all fit into the storyteller. It's just been beautiful. Mhmm. You've loved our church really well, and I feel like the entirety of Sabbath would have felt drastically different without the story. Spot on. For real. Great job planning it. No. For real. Yeah. Great job wording things out. Right. But He really did. The way he held it You're not on. Was like, dude. Spot on. Dude. Like, I know this is already who you are, but, dude, and his immediate like, without skipping a beat, he was like, I just hope that we get to do it some more throughout the year. Oh. Woah, buddy. Oh, yeah. Shoot. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We might have a story telling February. Yeah. Because I came in January missing a story telling. I'm like, that way. Like, it's only I really It's only been two weeks. No. For real. I mean, he was never up. So I I literally Oh, man. Yeah. I was thinking about it this Sunday during service, and I was like, I should tell them during service. Yeah. If there's a way that we can periodically have It's a real Like, it doesn't have to be a super regular thing, but it's just, like, periodically have the storyteller there the way that we view the liturgical elements Yeah. Mhmm. That, like, hey. Have him do a part right before the sermon. I fully agree. You said that was really beautiful for you. I fully agree. And have him do a part. Yep. And have him do the benediction even if it's just those two things. Even if it was scripture reading and benediction. It really is. For real. Like, we can that's already built into We easily can. It feels good and but we experience which is no I mean, if you know Jeff, you know alright. That's not a surprise, Grace. So you're like, but it's been a while since collectively we got to experience in that way. Right? And so I was like, oh, yeah. We need to put him in him in a position. Especially in this in this year, in this season of of we just did this with him. Yep. And it'll be an easy won't throw anybody off in the congregation. Yeah. But it also opens the door to what we've all kinda talked about about that scripture reading slot, the benediction slot being something that we could potentially Give away. Give away. Well, you know, and and other people Shoot. This gives us a good training of, like Yep. And there's a nor I mean, that was distinctly evident for the particular purpose of it. But much of what we talk about just who we are as Garden City is the living out of the story. Right? Yeah. And so there's always a need of a grounding storyteller. Right? That there's a story God has written, but what he often sends are people to help ground us in that story on a regular basis. I said I was like, so this this is not a foreign thing for Jeff to be our regular storyteller, that we just call on here and there just to ground us into unique spots where his voice can do that. That's actually very much appropriate in who we are. Going into a new sermon season. Yeah. Or the continuation. Yeah. I'm like, oh, yeah. Or, you know, those types of things, like, where you wouldn't need this every week, but you How'd you say? This to be like How'd you say? What do you what do you call it? Like, the recap Yeah. When season two starts And we're like I love it. Leon? Yeah. That's it. Yeah. I'm dirty. Previously on? Previous. That was really Ephesians one. Well, I yep. That's part of the line. And I'm actively trying to figure out a way from the church their story. Yeah. You know, it's just too sizable. Full sermon series. I mean, for real. It's just too sizable of a miracle for it's a community miracle that God did. I was like, we gotta talk about this. Yeah. I'm trying to figure out when. So Yeah. Yeah. She just texted me last night or this morning this morning and asked me to swap songs with him, and I'm gonna lead Psalm 23 so that he can leave trust in God. He was like, I need I don't know why I need What's that? The song? Yeah. Jesus. With the choir. And he he leads Psalm 23 so so well. Yeah. And I had asked him to lead that because we had, Aaron Gotchel had to back out. And so we moved songs around and leaders around, and I asked him to lead that just basically, like, yeah. I'll lead trusting God. He'll lead this. This is just our lanes. Mhmm. And he never text and asked that type of thing. And it was literally when I text him to say, hey. Can you lead Psalm 23? I almost typed out, would you like to lead Psalm 23 with trusting God? And so I text him back today and was like was like, it's really funny that I didn't text that. I just had you do the one that you're more typecast to lead. And then then you're like, no. Actually, I need to ask you to lead the other one. And I was like, heck yeah. Do it. I'll lead something. What would it look like for us to give him a few extra minutes to share whatever truncated version of the story that he would like to share? Well, I'm sure he would be giddy. Any reason why we wouldn't? Because he said, I feel like I have a little to share regarding hope, especially He got a lot to share. Yeah. A little nothing. I mean, for real. I just as a Wow. As a dad, as a Like, the second person in the entire world to be cured of sickle cell. Yeah. I'm like I'm like, I don't That's a huge Like, people don't real like, I like this is this is stupid. Like, it's one of those things, like, I've been just in awe of, like, oh, no. You really do do miracles. Like, not just normal miracles. Like, this is a different kind of miracle Yeah. That I'm brought by. Oh, we got we got like, so trust in God as it's recorded is seven seven minutes and twenty six seconds long, and we don't regularly do that version. We regularly do a version that's closer to five minutes. So I can I can And let's give him three minutes Yeah? To margin to say, tell him he could flow. Yeah. I'm brilliant. I'm good. Like, this is one where that's it. He is part of this Even with that community 83 for service. Yeah. We're short anyways. Yep. He he is part of this community that we do need. Okay. We need that story. I don't know. Even for those who don't know him or just Yeah. Have walked us their life with them. Now we need forty years of let's we just play it on. I'm not gonna keep talking. I can't I know. Keep me doing this right now. That is and he's like, like, man, I was gonna be a big dude. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't obviously, I've only been Yeah. With Jeff since 02/1514. But I'm like, man, he is not I know. Forty years came out. It's like it yeah. It's crazy. And I got it done just like, I know people who have died from sickle cell. I I told Jeff, I was like, buddy, he Yeah. I don't even I don't even know what that means. Like, what are our ancestors? Like, wait. It's possible? Yeah. I don't even it's just weird. Well, and the and the original one that he got signed up for was the one where it's, like, a cure for it Yeah. But it's not removed from his DNA. Yep. This one's removed from his DNA, and if he were to ever have kids Yeah. Removed from being able to even pass it on. Yep. They removed it from his DNA. Oh, yeah. I would belong. There are people who do not have kids for that reason because, like Yeah. They won't. They will not. That's what Jeff. Yep. I've yeah. I had to be really, really careful. But I, like, I borderline was on the verge of a rebuke because, like, he was celebrating it right before you ran in the room. Yeah. He was celebrating the this this cure Yeah. While also blaming himself. He's well, he said it and it's it's just something that you just when when it's your fault, like, you caused this. And I man, it just hurt me. And I wanted to I wanted to scream at Satan that for forty years you've been he's been holding this as a father that he caused this. And I'm like, so I obviously don't wanna just, like, speak to No. But just It's that's why I say firmly in the world. He can he can freely share what he wants. I would tell him, hey, man. I don't this is not a pro like, programmatic thing. Like, hey. We think three minutes, but, hey. Just show up. However, god leads you Yeah. We'll we can figure everything out. But this is one of those family moments. Well, especially because he just held us so nicely through this storytelling. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So I've just been I'm like, alright. No. It's this weekend because I literally since I have been like, lord, we got we gotta talk about this as a family. No. It's good. Because you don't do this. Yeah. Like, you know? Yeah. So this is one of the family was like And he gets to sing that song. You get to sing it, man. So lead us, you share. Probably share and then sing the song, which I think will be really beautiful. Cool. I'll also reach out with Curtis as well. Okay. Yeah. That's good. What do you mean to say? Well, I was thinking about the transition coming out of that. Yeah. I had Mike question mark. But, Curtis, do you maybe wanna do it and you could pick up? You could sort of do cleanup following anything that he shared? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And, like, we've covered our people through that too or, like There you go. He gets nervous, you could help fill in some gaps or Let's do that. Let's do that. Let's do it. That's good. That's good cover for him. Okay. I'll cook. We'll do it. Mhmm. I love it. Gosh. I think it's done a thing in Renee. Oh, I talked to her. I mean I told Jeff. I was like, I'm avoiding you tonight because I can't cry yet. I'm at Christmassy, but then I made the mistake of going to talk to miss Renee, and it was all And she's done something in her faith, and she has never been around a whole lot. You know? No. She's been around. She she came all throughout the storytelling. She did. Mhmm. And then she was coming, and she talked to me right after that. I was like, I've not heard worse from you like this in in years. Yeah. It was really beautiful. Sorry. But, again, it's one of those family moments where Oh, yeah. It's it's Oh, yeah. I don't even know what the hell are you talking about? Yeah. You're you're talking her up. Oh, I'm out? Okay. Good. It's you now. Hopefully, you know because It's about sermons or something. But whatever we talk about is what we're talking about. Yeah. Got till three. It says we got till three. Don't worry, Josh. I'll send them off. But yes. So at a at a high level, one of the things that and thinking well for our people or there are so many different kinda not constraints, but just, factors, that I was just prayerfully thinking through. One, it's just where we're at as as a collective people in in the store we're living out to. The start of the New Year three, the second part of Ephesians four, the Sabbath season, right, that we're in and thinking ways for not to only force anything, but they're always just even just settled through lines here and there. So I felt like I, I won't as I prayed and thought through the word there are two words I was kinda thinking through that actually color this next second part, where the first part was more just, like, identity it was a lot identity, but more or less, like, identity declared. Like, hey. Let's just acknowledge and name who we are in Christ. And this is more identity inhabited. Right? It's just every week looking at we know this is true, but how do we now, like, actually live it out 1% more each and every day, which didn't connect to Sabbath because the very essence of Sabbath is a practical living out of the the story. Right? The gospel. Right? It's, like, you slowing down to know but be reminded of who you are. And I just think it's also just deeply I mean, the first part did this, and I'm increasingly looking at Ephesians, which is a gift from the Lord. Like, I'd love to preach to it, but it's, like, I mean, this is just good culture and ideally building presence of church. Like, the way we talk about the gospel in this series has in of itself been forming. And so, looking at that, the overarching word is inhabiting for the second part, that we picked up this week in verse 15. Looking to carry it through, the right now, the thought is to carry it all the way through, until the end of, chapter two. But, again, as we march along, I do feel the freedom to have a plan each week, but pivot as necessary as what was this Sunday. Like, I was, naming grace was never even a big part of this sermon. So that's so we all, like, oh, it's it's it's a problem if you do that. That wasn't the goal. Like, I I was actually barely gonna say that. And so I have a I have three fourths of a sermon I need to preach. Like, yes. So but so but there's grace in figure out what that looks like. 25% is pretty good. Yeah. Like, I I was like, it's frustrating. Yeah. I did yeah. Grace filled, but no. What I'm a do with 75%? But all I'd say yourself, Grace, is what you're gonna do? Oh, no. That's real. That's real. But all I'd say is the idea of, the overarching each week is looking at what he calls us to and experience, whether it's the prayer, the proclamation of power at the end of chapter one. Then we get chapter two. Chapter two is really just honestly, it's just the gospel implications, both vertically and horizontally. But it really practically like like truths to know, not just so that you declare more identity, but to inhabit it more. Like, what do you need to know about, god, what he's done, what how do you posture now? And so each week and so I what's most helpful? Give you verse breakdowns each week, or just general overview. What would you think? This part probably you two would probably know. Just overview. Overview. Cool. Cool. Especially since you'll already need to pivot from what you have. Yep. Alright. So overviews, this was in the hope of this past week was, inhabiting the the the hope and the light that god has given us and is inhabiting by helping us to slow down to see. So perception, right, was one of the key things that the prayer was looking at is, like, not asking for more things, but asking for eyes to see. And so that is one of the general things of the this and this coming up weekend is following through on on, the prayer as he prayed for them, which is an expression of the invitation of how they are now to live out. I'm gonna somehow there'll be a bridge between what I didn't preach and, the next part of verse, 18 through 23. But much of this is inheritance, like, it's, how do you inhabit what in knowing that god is the head and rule of your life. That you see these verses where our confidence is knowing we are actually in flow from Jesus. So it's not like forcing an identity to be, but it's seeing and understanding. The reason why it's so true for us is you're not a disconnected part of Jesus, you're actually the body of Jesus. And who he is actually like the veins in your body. The blood flows from the top to all the way your your toes. That's actually how you inhabit and seeing and pondering and actually celebrating Christ as head. And so it begins to really I mean, look at how do we lean into, rested trust. How do we And then what week are you in now? The second week. This is all Yep. Yep. This is Sunday? Yep. This Sunday. Gotcha. Alright. Eleventh. The general things that could well Oh, there's so much here. Yeah. At least he only at least get the first 25. I'm sorry. I didn't think you shake my head. No. You should shake your head. I'm because I don't know what the hell I'm a do. I'm gonna have two more weeks. So this this this is this is what I wrote down in my notes. You should like, are you in February? No. This is this Sunday. That so I'm telling you what it I really do gotta work. I'm like, I gotta work figure out what this look like. Did some of this make pivot? Either way, this was the the plan that I wrote down to talk to you about. Yeah. Yeah. We're there. This is the idea. Just the idea. We Oh, goodness. Read three January 18 within leads into Sabbath feast. Looking at the, vertical. We're we're in chapter two, the verse. Right now, it's seven verses. Might cut that, but, it's the it's the idea of being seated. Right? Seeded in the heavens, and that is inhabiting language where the gospel is not a striving, it's a seeding. It's this is why Sabbath and rest is so critical because your understanding of the gospel is your understanding you are seated with him. And you're inhabiting in in in his delightful presence that he looked at you like, hey. You're here and I'm glad about it. Right? And that's just the essence of living out, that. And so when I I don't know how, but I do wanna figure out ways of embodying in this part. Right? So I gotta settle this week of when I'm a bring exercise in different things. Did a little bit, obviously, this past Sunday, but ways of just leaning in. Might do some verses, but I don't know yet. So I'm a sit with it. Mhmm. But I won't rush into anything because I know we already got our hands full. Are you open based on our RSVPs to be gentler or more forthcoming with a Sabbath feast push? Oh, yeah. K. Oh, yeah. Yeah. This is what I'm not I'm not using the sermon to push the Sabbath feast. It's more or less just a connection of, why an activity like the feast is an expression. Yeah. Yeah. Like, it's one of the expressions of your understanding of the gospel. But that could be as hard or as light as need to be for that. Yeah. And I'll be able to tell you part It could be a subtle nod when all out. Yeah. K. Main point. Then January, it'll be the the eight through ten, which is the the good works that were prepared before us. And so some this is recognizing that many of us pray and and honestly be thinking through the the idea of calling an assignment as this mysterious thing that we have to build and do to prove that God loves us and has empowered us to do work. But much of what he's called to do, he's actually prepared for you, so just walk in them. And so much of confidence of not just gospel identity, but even gospel ministry is the idea that, you know, he's actually done the hard lifting of preparing gifts and abilities for you to simply walk in. And, yes, there's work involved, but the posture is and it's a poetic it's the the the poetic reality that god has prepared good works so that you know this is not after striving, it's actually after seeding. Right? And so, that will be, this that with January. And I'm gone until February yet. So that's the overview of this first month of the second part. So good. I mean, I I follow. You got this. Yep. You follow. You got 75% this week. Thank you. I got something. I think I could do it. It's just more as the Lord appreciating. Tapping at the front end. Again, front end. Again, it would You'll get 75% of this one. I know. I'll start that's what the good thing about this is. That's why I love hitting week to week. It's like, okay. I can morph week to week because it's a consistent flow. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm not forcing topics together where I was like, alright. If I gotta pull that verse in, I know how to make it work another week. Yeah. But, you know, it's one of those things where I gotta say to the Lord, like, Lord, do you agree with my plans? Mhmm. You didn't agree on Sunday. And I I'm glad you did, but I'm I wish you did. Mhmm. So that it really is, like, my lord You don't have to tell me in advance, but it's not a great Yeah. For real. I was just like, how do you feel? Like, am I supposed to pay that? Like, is there a real slowing down of the content? So that's a real thing I'm praying and wrestling with the lord. Yeah. It was such a unique experience with the Lord. Beautiful, and he's done it, but just more or less like, Lord, is that just, could I I prayed. Yeah. But whatever you do, I really do want it to be us, but also wanted not just what we do, but how we experience it to be a clear expression of who we are. Yeah. So I never and how I what I preach and how I preach, it does matter. It it's a culture builder. So I don't wanna run ahead at this door. Like, we're all through the bite off six verses. He'd be like, no. This is good. But one. So Mhmm. Yeah. That's between me and the Lord to work through. Can't do that. But that's the plan on paper. Yeah. We prepared it in advance, so just walk in it. Yeah. For real. That really is. If we do it then, I like, oh, I just inhabit it. I'm trying to. Yeah. I'm trying to. Actually, I just I tried to. I the profanity filled me with joy on Sunday. Okay. I forgot he could do that and that I would actually obey. Yeah. Oh, you're old. No. Sometimes you forget. Don't Oh, yeah. Y'all know good well. Sometimes you're like, no. I think I'd obey. Yeah. But control kinda kinda plays in sometime. Well, like Especially when you're feeling fleshly. I'll say it this way. I experience more joy when I make the plan. Seriously. So I was like, lord, I heard you, and I obeyed. Yeah. Man, no. Thank you. Yeah. Like, so Yeah. Oftentimes, I'll experience not just you, but just people when they're in that spot, myself included, that we go more inward. Mhmm. But, like, you walked in the service, and you immediately were, like, I could tell you were, like, trying to Yeah. I didn't know that at the time that it was, like, a try. I was trying to engage Yep. With Graves in the Garden Yes. Getting into the fighting. Well, I can hear that now as you're explaining. I'm going, oh, man. I watched you Yeah. While I was there with that. I was I was sitting down and Yeah. Like, really, really trying. Yep. Right? Not just laying laying down and being like, wow. Yep. That's true. Which is nice. Thank you for that for the person, but that was true. Yeah. You just need to put pieces together and be like, look. Look. Like Mhmm. When we faithfully are showing up, even when it feels like I got nothing. I mean, that was literally wasn't that just the week before? Wasn't that the twenty eighth? I literally told Kayla. I was like, I got nothing. And she goes, bring you nothing. You did. You said that was in it? Yeah. Yeah. You did. And that's the that's the title of a Shane and Shane album that I love. It's called bring you nothing. And I and I love the song. Well, I didn't bet. Yeah. Was all, like I knew what she meant immediately when she said it, and I was like and all I had said was I got nothing. And it was right before service. Mhmm. So Yeah. Yeah. So we get to experience the story he's writing out. Yeah. Not just through us, but it's like, alright. Actually, you're doing something to us. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Oh. I would say, it's gonna be a fun, it's gonna be a fun ride. I don't he's doing something in this series that's just his heart to his people. Yeah. And so just keep praying that we all collectively keep listening and obeying. Yeah. In all space, not even just, like, in a kid. Like, I just feel like he's really loving his people, and he is drawing. Some of this is well, we all know that he just drawing in thirsty people. Seasoned thirsty and then very broken thirsty. And, yeah, they're just needing. They're needing Jesus. Mhmm. They'll end up rejoicing. Mhmm. Good job. That's all I got. Any I got some more questions. Yeah. Any questions? So this takes us through the January. Yep. February, still I'm still in yes. Still in Ephesians. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm okay. Where we are. Yep. I am planning January through February is Ephesians. Up through up until Palm Sunday? Yep. K. That's right now is the plan. I'm also I'm thinking through, Easter and and that series. I don't know if it's Good Friday Easter or I will pick up the Sunday before, like, the Palm Sunday possibly. Palm Sunday, I think, is family Sunday. Yeah. No. It's the March 29. Oh, that's Sunday. Right? The twenty ninth? Yeah. But it's not a fifth Sunday. Yeah. It is. Believe me? It is. Boom. That actually might be a good time to pivot when what? We talk about as we get a what's what yeah. It's on. Okay. I just wanted to make sure you'd work I didn't see that the first that, and then I was surprised by family Sunday. So family Sunday, the twenty ninth. I remember family Sunday. My brain just did. There are five Sundays. Five. My calendar, like, just showed the first, and I didn't see the first. That's what Yep. Still. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Still. It's just a different take on it. Yep. Well, it's flowing through this I I might pivot verses when I get to Easter, but it's all building towards the same thing. Okay. So theme, all that to say. I'm trying to figure out how do I build into it in February. I love when palm Sunday. It's fun. It's great. Mhmm. I and just because I had some comedy, I will not be here on that day. I'll write donkey sounds Sunday. So I will do more donkey sounds this year. But you guys That's probably why I do. Somewhere. So You still have any donkey That you guys That's probably why I do. Somewhere. So You still have any doggies somewhere. Mhmm. Okay. Good. I'm not gonna be here on that day. So we'll have I'll be part of the planning leading up to it and all that. But Yeah. Cool. I'm gonna be in Florida. Yeah. Florida. So good. Easter and Literally, I know. I'm like At the same So we're doing Easter egg hunt. Literally, I know. I'm like I love this. I thought we're done. In here. Lori, dad. Whatever when is the Easter egg hunt? Mhmm. Say what? When is the Easter egg hunt? The, the twenty first. We're doing it a week early Okay. Since I was not allowed to be gone for that. That is not Oh, that's a weird how that happened. I'm glad that that's how it happened. Up voting that. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. So here's your options. You can fly back and be here just for those three hours. For those. Or Hire me a private jet. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. No. No problem. This is great. Thank you. It's gonna be a good series. A good month. Yeah. I think it's gonna be good. It'll be a fun year for all of us. Oh, well. Got a gorgeous and fun. Tomorrow, we're doing our Sabbath sync, and then, of course, I'll keep an eye on RCPs and such. If we have set at the low lower number and our numbers are low, that'll open it up for you to be able to lean in and lean as hard as you want, you know, inviting people. If we're at that precipice point, I will gently encourage you to not lean hard because you're No. You let me know. And, again, this is one where each week can be is connected. And so Cool. Do you know where we're at already? No. Okay. Cool. I'm good. It was one of my form problems. Just it's gonna be fine. Just wanna figure it out. The actual count You see you already figured it out. I did figure it out, but I gotta I don't have an easy answer to that. You don't trust it yet. The the headcount is based on how many people paid, but I asked the people you could pay for bonus people. So it looks like a 150 people are registered. Yeah. Yep. No. That's true. At least 60 of those are people that paid extra. Perfect. So then I have to go back and count how many people are No. That's real. Got it. So I added a question. So now it's a required question when you register. How many people are attending? And then you do the drop down for how many you're paying. Love it. Love it. Love it. But I don't know what that number is right now. Love it. Yeah. So somewhere between 90 and a 150. Yeah. What? So somewhere between 90 and a 150. Between, like, 75 and a 150. A lot of people have paid for extras. Okay. Which is cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They they jumped on that right away. They did immediately. Yeah. Yeah. Which is so cool. And we'll only only leave The US. So Yeah. It really is. I love but I love being a it's with immigrants. You sure? I'm just curious not that you I know you haven't been deep into it yet. Have we had any sign ups that have put covered? Yeah. Three. Okay. Yeah. I don't know. What about desserts? This is free. No word on desserts. But in my heart, I can tell you without you. He doesn't want any more of my heart lost. I don't want hearts. We're talking about this. I came to her office yesterday and I asked her. I said, so when I'm planning tables to put desserts on. Well, my heart says Yeah. And I said, look, did you not answer? Yeah. Alright. Listen, my heart is very reliable, actually. I love your heart. Thank you. They cannot answer no more. Yeah. Actually. I know, right? I need to know. My heart was right after I told you my reasoning and my numbers. No. No. You're working through. You're working through. Well, we're trying to figure out. So what if five five hundred people come? Yep. Then how many of these people, based off of an average family size, are gonna bring how many desserts? Right? Like because I'm doing math based off of how many desserts fit on a table. Yeah. He needs square footage of desserts. Square footage. I'm telling him what more Weird math, dude. No. No. No. You're the stupidest math I'm ever You would. So I'm trying to figure out How many freaking desserts you're gonna save? Christmas ship. That is what you would say that I'm going. Oh, I'm gonna make her Never. That is a question. There's brownies on the floor. You're I'm like, nope. That isn't what you would ask. That is your gifting. You that is what you ask. Yep. You're right. Shirts come to your table then, but think of that math when it was the whole meal. Yeah. Yeah. I know. Right? That's a lot. That's all the math. Like, how many tables do we have? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Bless you. I did table math on my heart the last three years. I'm so happy to not be doing table math on my heart. Table math. So You're doing a great job, mate. You are. I think I think it's gonna be dope. I mean, we are coming to Our people were so cute when you announced it. It was so great. I wish I had been down in the actual room to hear like, to feel it, but they seemed very receptive to this new approach. They really were. Cheered. They cheered. Straight up. Like, grace into the fact that, oh, I don't gotta bring the I'm like There was a there was a loud woman It was loud. I was like, go ahead. Go ahead. Back. I I was getting back. You Minnie, like, yeah. Okay. I was like, so good job. I was like, they felt graced in this. Well, and I was wondering. You pitched it as you don't have to cook something. I also thought of all the people who are squeamish about our communion and our potlucking, There are real people out there. Uh-huh. No. For real. There So for after pushing them through communion, I'm glad to just feed them. Yeah. No. We're stretching. We stretched up a lot with communion. Yeah. We did. It feels like an extension of that, which is okay, but never have a break. I knew. Yeah. We we were messing y'all up. It's gonna come back. Intention gonna come back soon. Yeah. But get it ready. Like that. Yeah. Start fasting. Start fasting. Just fast on intention Sunday. Sorry. Can't do it. Good god. Yeah. I am interested in things you're comfortable to be saying. Yeah. Can I say the covered part? Yeah. Okay. I didn't name the desserts part. Can I name that? Please. Okay. Cool. Thank you. Alright. That was it. Yeah. Now that I know how many tables I got for them. Yeah. There's so many tables. It's a lot. So okay. But if if cool. If at first, I was doing my math, telling her I was doing my math based off of 300 desserts. And I was saying, well, that's a lot of Twelve eight foot tables. Full of desserts. Yeah. But but I'm being told numbers between five and eight hundred people come. Yeah. So I'm like, yep. Yeah. And so Yeah. If we're closer to the hundred, hundred twenty five desserts that could show up, maybe less, then I'll have tables for it. But I'm excited that in the auditorium, the entire purple section Yeah. That's closest to the gathering place, that whole one over there, that whole section is just gonna be the big round tables with drinks and desserts. Yeah. And then all rectangular tables for seating. I love it. 52 of them. Yeah. No more than that. 65 of them Yeah. With eight people per table. It's 520 people. Love it. And then we can add a head chair to both sides. Yeah. And that doesn't cost us anything. Thank you. That would take us up to 650 people. Oh, that's a good plan. That's yeah. Right? Such as plan. So that's our tables and 17 tables from Cornerstone. So Thank you. I have Okay. Good. You got your $0. 11, So now it gives me more for my tube system. I'm I'm saving up. You save it, buddy. You save. Every time I think I do, though, then the budget just, like, goes away. That's every time. Nobody supports your tube too. Yeah. Look. Hey. I didn't spend anything on Advent. Where's my money? And they're like, you don't get it. You haven't spend anything on this. On the side of the money. That's yeah. Bless you. He's wanting to do a tube system because money Take it as a as a general That's really one. Invisible rule. Just take it. Take tube money. Mhmm. Mhmm. Alright, guys. I think that's it. Awesome. Thank you. Alright. Thank you, guys.